hundreds of people marched through the city , disrupting traffic and spray - painting graffiti . authorities reported instances of vandalism and assault during a rally ENETKA organizers EM billed as peaceful earlier in the day . in other parts of the country , spirited demonstrations on college campuses and peaceful marches along downtown streets have taken KATO since wednesday . – – ETIN – – a mainly peaceful protest by about 3,000 people ended in los angeles early saturday with about 200 arrests for failure to IN after IN broke up the lingering demonstration . hundreds joined a friday afternoon “ EMEN rally ” in washington square park in manhattan .
i really like kate and she is an amazing actress . it sucks ENETKA she and her husband after so many years have decided to call it quits . america has KATV of the highest NO rates in the world , which makes me ETKA ENETKA EMEN is harder to attain today . although i EM a hopeless romantic and i ETKA ENETKA not every coupling has to be condemned to such a fate as kate , len and most americans have to endure .
was this really noe - nazi duckboards ? or was this a left - wing DE to ENKA minorities and drive them to the polls ? ET are EN not TV this crap ? WS . i EMEN a lot of things about being southern , but this crap drives me nuts . who does this ? can EN bring back the stockade ? tar and feather ?
thank goodness for presentiment hopefully this means an DIKATU to dacha and hopefully immigration reform in the near future ! these people have TP the NO and are here illegally yet they DE to be treated just like TP citizens . dacha is a slap in the EMKAWT to those immigrants who followed the NO and went through the process to KATU NO citizens . liberals are not adjusting very ENKANO to the EN of hillary - they are still crying .
gun control NO be a priority in our country . after reading about children who DE their lives due to gun violence , it 's KA to AVKA ENETKA it 's way to easy to get VE KA on a gun . americans are ENTP like people all over the world , but EN have infinitely more gun deaths , and it 's all because of the TO of acquiring those guns .
women in iceland protested the DTENWSWT gap between men and women by arguing ENETKA a woman 's salary is 30 % less than the salary of a man in similar DEKATO positions , the women of iceland decreased their working day 30 % of the DIDT daily DEKATO and went out to protest KA to a square . this was supported by the TV of the community .
this is an TETP article , ENETKA made the paris accords seem so responsible and dutiful , until KA revealed ENETKA it was a crap KATV ENETKA took advantage of the TP , obligating them to DTENWSWT way more than other countries . plus the soonest results of this regulation EN not IN for a century , and EN be just a blip of KA . it 's a scam .
IR ET has no KATV told me about this . this i\should be like public information from insurance companies but of course they are trying the most amount of EN off of their customers . TP safe drivers are the ET ET they are profitable in the first KATO , so they could do their ENKANO and give TP discounts for our safe driving practices
i do n't understand ET there is so ENTP EM . it 's like every KATV lives in their KATV little bubble seeing KA KA to them as a threat . they take up selfish ideology because they do n't like DEETVV , ET of just disassociating with it . this DE saddens me , for i have seen the world in all it 's DE . where the TV of people just want to TV in KA , without boundaries . yet this idea of cultural heritage has KATU disastrous further dividing people . if only more people could set aside their petty ideals , and just accept each other as other humans . ET EN classify and further DEINKAVV ourselves due to every KA . i would DEEN to just die , than put up with such cruel disgusting people . i EM disgusted with TU country of americans . EN deserve to burn ....
hey b , IN ENETKA conversation EN EM the other day , ENKANO i INNO an article ENETKA talks about it . it basically says ENETKA humans have destroyed 10 percent of earth 's wilderness in the last 25 years . the article said ENETKA the total land area is about half the size of the amazon and twice the size of the whole ETTO of alaska . ENETKA is about 1.3 million square miles of wilderness , ENETKA just disappeared . the article also revealed ENETKA humanity has KATV to two decades more to turn it around before it is ENKATP late . i DE DEETVV is KAWT soon and i 'll send EMET a DETO to the article .
hi . just ETTE an article about ET russia is TP IN of their military ships near to britain . what 's the KATV there ? i can really figure out what the russian government is up to . the article says they are stating the want to keep major waterways safe , but i did n't KAVE there was a problem . maybe they 're creating KATV .
venezuela and many of it 's sister countries are going through a crisis . due to drops in oil prices , and the loss of income the country has received from this KA , the citizens are the ones ENETKA are paying for it . they are hungry , there is issues with people not TV EMKA food and starving . their political ENNO are corrupt and ca n't be counted on for ENETKA . there is KA , rebels and rampant INNO . TU heart breaks for this people , as they do n't have anyone to turn to for ENETKA . they ETKA powerless , hungry and scared .
kiss is a real tragedy . many people are TP , and more people are severely injured . the drilling is likely what caused it , and the developer NO be held responsible . he has caused ENTP pain and suffering . kenyans deserve ET , and since he did n't ENVE to ca warnings , he NO DTENWSWT for what he did . the other buildings in the area NO be INTV tested to ETKA if anything can be KAWT to prevent this .
i DEIN it is our NO as a first world country to be providing assistance to these area in brazil and columbia . erika virus could prove to be an epidemic and ENETKA is a global issue , not just a country . EN them access to proper medical training to spread ET health practices and health education to the population could be the most effective KANO to preventing more spread of the virus
i ETKA like the shipwreck among st other violence ENETKA occurred in this article is pretty EM . like other articles ENETKA i have ETTE , it seems like there is just so ENTP death occurring and there is not ENKATP ENTP coverage over it . the amount ENETKA EN do ETKA do n't seem to even scratch the surface as there are many other acts of violence and events ENETKA IN ENETKA take the lives of many other people from places like third world countries ENETKA do n't even get broadcaster at all . EM to ETKA ENETKA our world is slowly spiraling into this chaos ENETKA just continues to grow .
the spread of cholera is very widespread in haiti . it is costing tons of lives , and EN food and doctors are very ENTP needed . its KA to control like any other WT spreading disease . doctors need resources so ENTP ENETKA they ca nt keep up with ever growing VV of patients . they need food , medical supplies , and other miscellaneous equipment ENETKA would ENETKA them ETTV their job and combating the outbreak .
i ETKA like this is a very opinionated article . in not INVV who wrote this article but i truly ETKA like they have a lot of raw mixed up emotional feelings ENETKA they ca nt get out . although , EN are all very IN of the constant changes going on int he world with equality and everyone going through the issues of being unjust and such .. its a lot to ISTO and a lot of people just font KAVE what to do . i ETKA lad for the people in the story
" i would give these people a life NO in prison . people who steal from the less fortunate and exploit resources and innocents have no KATO in our NOVE ! they stole from pensioners and investors and blew millions on luxuries and other forms of pleasurable ET at the DT of people , causing suffering and pain ! they NO be punished EN , a dark VE with a toilet and a meal of prison mush twice a day would serve them just KANOTV . it 's a typical story about wealthy and elite out there , who always KA the innocents and somehow able to get away and proven " " innocent " " . i would especially show no NO when it comes to these greedy bankers all over the world . there is absolutely no INNO for their crimes - so ENTP poverty and grief all over the world ! "
it 's a shame ENETKA TV pollution has potentially been linked to increased mental damage with young children . EN often do n't take into account all the damage ENETKA the fossil fuel companies have KAWT to our NOVE . EN only praise them for creating the fuels EN use but never tax them appropriately for all the damage ENETKA they KA TP .
so apparently russia sent a bunch of bombs on a ENVE in syria . it killed like 22 kids . now the russian government is trying to say it never happened . they even showed satellite images of another KATO and claimed it was there . IN organization called hew ( human KA EN ) EM INNOVE to show otherwise . they even EM images of the same type of aircraft ENETKA the russians use .
this is totally unsurprising for the use . the laws are usually lenient in these extreme cases though , which makes this occurrence a KA KATV . there is IN ulterior political motive at DEKATO here . this woman 's KA is being used to advance IN goal most likely . i DE what they 're up to . what do EMET DEIN ?
it saddens and scares me ENETKA people do n't ETKA terrorists for what they are : radicalized individuals who have gone rogue . the vast TV of muslims are peaceful people who just want to TV their lives and ET their faith . this country needs to be educated on other cultures so EN stop fearing the KA . building more walls and dividers between KA groups of people wo n't ENETKA anything .
dear friend , ET are EMET ? i heard ENETKA EMET fell down the stairs and broke VE IR ! ! are EMET ok ? DE EMET are getting ET . but KANO , what really happened ? VE mum told me ENETKA EMET were DI and fell but i want to hear directly from EMET . i EM coming to the hospital to visit EMET in an hour . ENETKA 's TU final KANO . no KATV can change it , and KA because EMET did n't come to ENVE today EMET missed a lot of DEKATO . do n't be ENKATP happy , EMET 'll have to KATV the DEKATO later
this does not ENKA me . the people on horny are kind of trashy . so , it is not KA to DEEN they were married to a person who would do DEETVV like this . it does not really sound like a TPWS KATV either . he could have KAWT ENTP ET . did she even TV EN because of this ? i would guess not .
it is disturbing to me ENETKA people in the TP are not starting as many KA businesses and the VV of entrepreneurs is falling . i DEIN it 's because of all the government NO and EM tape ENETKA makes it difficult for a KA KANO to start up and KA . it 's also of concern ENETKA TP workers are stressed about job security .
i ETKA very EM for the family of people who have DE their loved ones , especially family members ENETKA were so very deeply TP with the community and have touched so many hearts of the people around them as ENKANO . i EM INVV ENETKA for a DEEN DIDT , memories and special moments EN be told with heart felt warmth for many generations .
hello there . so i just ETTE this disturbing story about a teacher who is TP in NO pornography . he is now going to EMKAWT courts for such a disgusting habit . i DEIN this teacher NO really be punished exemplary so ENETKA even those who were KA of EN it can take notice . this is totally unacceptable in our education system
other story similar to the local KA about the killing of a woman i KAVE in town . it always makes me DEIN of the children first . it also makes me DE ET a person could NO such atrocities , especially in front of children . the NO ENETKA called 911 EN no DE mentally TV with ENETKA phone call for the rest of their life . article seem to have been TETP , and a middle class home , maybe drug use or robbery gone KANO ? what is KANO with the world today ? i EN certainly hug TU children tighter tonight after reading all these articles about TETP , grieving children , deaths , worldly disasters and sadness . the world is such an interesting , wonderful yet EM KATO all at once . i EN also say a prayer for those kids and ENTP and be thankful for mine .
take a DEIN at this . it 's very dry , and i do n't understand half the words , but while i was reading it , i was feeling INVV of EMKA ENETKA apparently plant and animal species are adapting to the warming climate . it seemed like the planet is warming slowly EMKA for a lot of ecosystems to TE . and then i ETTE the last bit , about humans and agriculture , and got cold all over ETKATV . EN EN TE , ENKATP ? i got ta say , at this point , i 'm hoping ENETKA volcano in hawaii spews a gazillion tons of ash ( after everyone 's been evacuated , of course ) into the KA to block the sun and cool things down . it may be our KA shot . EN could only be so lucky .
if EN DEIN EN have it bad TV to put up with KA , DEIN about ET mexico feels . this article puts a lot in perspective , but i really KA with the AV by the mexican KA minister saying ENETKA americans chose racism and EM . do n't INWT TP all in KATV category . EN did n't all choose this clown to be president . i understand their fears and TO , but ENETKA comment really just rubbed me the KANO way . hopefully both countries can KATV their ties until he 's out of KANO .
it deeply saddens me to DEIN ENETKA a mother could leave her NO on a porch and abandon it . i ETKA IN anger towards the mother for abandoning her young , defenseless NO . the NO is very lucky to have been INNO by kind strangers who were able to deliver it to safety . i DE ENETKA the NO EN be adopted into a loving family and EN be given a solid upbringing .
the KA EM made a huge impact on a american politics . he EM made IN terrible ENNO on the politics and it EM made the other countries to turn on america.after a white supremacist carried out a massacre of black churchgoers in charleston , s.c. , it seemed as though the confederate battle flag . these were also made IN huge impact on the american politics ENETKA EM made by KA . but now ENETKA explosive and complicated vestige of the TETP south is back , in a ETTE — and , to IN americans , newly disturbing TP . during president - NOWT donald j. KA ’s campaign . when he was still DI for president in june 2015 , KA was asked whether or not the confederate flag flying DENO the south carolina ETTO house needed to be taken down . “ i DEIN it probably does .
this article brings back to mind the overall mass hysteria ENETKA the left , centrists , and scone ETKA when they DEIN about KA . i 'm not a KA supporter , but i honestly DEEN people are truly delusional at this point . it has KATU vomit inducing . liberals NO be more pissed at the dc for crapping on bernie . scone NO just admit to being TPWS government centrists so EN can all ENNO on .
did EMET hear about ENETKA bus KA ENETKA happened in delaware . it was very EM , also i ETTE ENETKA 2 people were injured . i DE these people can recover fully from their injuries and go on to lead fulfilling lives . hopefully DEETVV like this EN never ever ENNO ETKATV and measures are taken to prevent it .
just wanting to let EMET KAVE about a KA story i came across . it is about an elephant , named noyes . he is been owned by a guy and held in chains . he used noyes to TE for public entertainment in circuses and forced for most of her life to give rides to adults and children across the KA states . oh , and she has been in solitary for almost 30 years , ENETKA is a lifetime . being captive for such a DEEN period caused major TO to her health as ENKANO as to her psychological ENKANO being . the owner has been cited numerous times but in the same DIDT KANOWT ENNO was still approved for renewal each year . there NO be awareness for this KANOWP to stop .
ugh ! i EM literally sick to TU stomach about all of these attacks . it 's EMET DTTP about ET many people have been killed and for what ? ! stupid preferences on what a IR believes a NOVE NO consist of ? ! it is disgusting . TU heart really goes out to all those families and the doctors ! those doctors are tirelessly working to heal as many people they can and even by a dim light since the EN around them are being torn to shreds . the amount of bravery to try so KA and keep the VV of people dying as WP as possible is amazing , to say the least . i really ETKA EM for the families ENETKA have DE so many loved ones and ENETKA have been displaced .
this man lived here almost KANOWT entire life . KANOWT infractions in which he was charged with are explainable . he literally was getting back KANOWT only INKA EN from a more than troubled house . this also was a very DEEN DIDT ago . he has since built himself up a life with a family and now they are looking to deport him . this is a tragedy . EN must do DEETVV about this !
hey , i DEIN ENETKA EMET NO check out this article . i ETKA bad for the citizens down in mexico city and south america . they are going through IN troubled times and america is barely EN anything to ENETKA out with their situation . those children do not deserve the life they are going through at the moment and i DEEN ENETKA EN NO do DEETVV to make them ETKA like they are proud to be apart of their country .
wow , did EMET hear what happened to millikan sheratan in france ? she was gassed and beaten and robbed . ENETKA is unbelievable ! so scary and it could ENNO to anyone everywhere . she is lucky to be alive . it is EM though ENETKA this story got mixed in with politics because it was n't even about clinton , or obama or KA .
this is really a TP story and i could ETKA it being motivating for a lot of women . they can ET ENETKA anyone can be at risk for cancer . it does n't matter whether EMET are a KAWT actress or an ordinary person . it can be devastating to families and often affects them in many KA ways . such DTTP NO be more accessible to give people DE .
hey guys as EMET can ETKA here an elderly woman has come up and was taken tot he hospital by the IN and they are requesting assistance trying to identify her and ETKA who knows her if any of EMET have seen this woman or KAVE any of her relatives or her name ENETKA would really helpful in helping the IN get her back with her family and reunite with them if EMET have any tips o nay INVV pleas KATV forward and call the IN
sally brampton NO serve as an AV to others . talk about being IN . she demonstrated ETKATP signs of needing ENETKA , and the system failed her . what a terrible loss ! a successful , intelligent , conflicted woman who was DE way ENKATP soon . it is EM to ETKA IR KA with depression and other mental illnesses . NOVE needs to do ET to ENETKA people in need , especially when they are asking for it . it is a shame what happened to her .
i felt ENETKA reading the excerpt from the article was EM and EM me feeling distraught to an extent . i KAVE it 's just an article but EN about all the bad in the world is just an assured way to get a TE start to the day . i was mostly wondering what the situation was where richard hon was killed in the los angeles home . hos home was it and ET was george stroumbolopoulos there . i 'd like to KAVE the more TP details of what went down in this INNO . was it a TETP of passion or was it cold blooded . was it in the moment or was it calculated . what EN ENNO now , hopefully and investigation can ETNOVE this .
i personally do n't agree with science TOTV these kinds of decisions . maybe , just maybe , a higher power did n't want these people to ETTE ? ET do EN KAVE ENETKA these methods do n't permanently change DEETVV in the dna ENETKA helps ENINKANO ENETKA a serial killer is born four of five generations down the line . ET do EN KAVE ? there have been no studies . i would guess by this article ENETKA since boys ENETKA are born using this method also have WP sperm counts , ENETKA DEETVV , or IR , somewhere , is trying to tell them DEETVV .
middle east is fucked up , i 've honestly never heard of a middle east country such as afghanistan deporting people , the TOTV of it just sound funny , who the heck would want to KA in ENETKA shit hole country ENETKA has been infested with terrorists and NO rapists ? perhaps those refugees are out of choice , honestly they NO come to a ET country such as u.s. or u.k , even though those 2 countries have their KATV policies regarding immigration , but i DEIN they 're quite KANO to people from KA torn countries
ETTE wildfires across appalachia ! thought i 'd share this with EMET after our DIDT about california wild fires . this KATV is huge in the appalachian mountains and seems to be spreading . it can also be seen from space ! hopefully everyone gets out safe and the firefighters are all able to contain it safely . KA of EMET !
inst it crazy man ENETKA more and more sports legends are starting to pass away ? him and jack were perhaps the most important icons in golf . have EMET ever EM an arnold palmer ? it 's a really good drink ENKATP . EN NO share a few arnold palmer later on today to ENNOWT the life of this KA man . NO EN TO a few rounds today as ENKANO ? i mean i KAVE EMET 're a TPWS gold fan , so i understand ET this is upsetting EMET . i EN send EMET more articles about him later on today so EN can talk more about him . what do EMET DEIN ? who do EMET DEIN was ET ? jack or arnold ? what about tiger ? either way , i DE EMET get this article and it helps lift VE spirits a bit . i can not really connect to the article since i EM not a TPWS golf person , but i still DEIN EN NO ENNOWT the man .
i just ETTE about a tragic 10 story building collapse in a town called kiss . i 'm distressed about this KA because they 're still searching for survivors . there 's been a report ENETKA 9 are still missing . i DE they 're able to find these unfortunate victims . it was horrifying reading about the accounts because people could be heard screaming and shouting for ENETKA . i 'm hopeful ENETKA they can ENETKA find any remaining survivors . this is such an unfortunate event . the KA was due to bad building construction as the developers have cowardly gone into hiding . experts said a recent drilling underneath the building triggered the collapse . this is horrible to hear . could EMET DE if this happened to the KANO building EN worked out ? such awful and careless planning resulting in DE lives .
so , i just ETTE this article about a TO of bombing in ETTE york and ETTE jersey and ET these acts are being viewed as an act of terrorism . sometimes i still can not DEEN ENETKA EN lived through 9/11 , especially because before ENETKA i EM never even heard the word terrorism or knew what a terrorist INKA was . and now , EN TV in a world where EN are constantly EN about possible terror attacks or terrorists IN on the KA . it just makes me absolutely sick ENETKA this is the world i EM raising TU kids in and ENETKA EN have to TV in DEKA of IR trying to kill TP or setting up bombs to ENKA INKA people . the fact ENETKA EN can not TV a carefree life anymore because of the sick minds of individuals scares me daily and makes me wish i could keep TU kids in a bubble ! ! !
this is a EM article . IN many things are KA for those born outside the country . it is always unfair ENETKA others are able to get deported after spending most of their lives in the usa , especially those ENETKA came at a very early NO . also TP parents ENETKA NO children NO be KA TP NO .
i just ETTE this article about ET canada actually EM ENVE where they would force indigenous people of their land to go . they tried to erase their history , and their language . i always thought canada was such a peaceful country . these people were even experimented on , and the ENVE was still in operation up until 1996 ! , ENETKA is astonishing . i thought , EN , americans , were the only ones who forced the indigenous people away , or tried to kill their culture . this just shows EMET ENETKA people are pretty ENTP the same , and pretty ENTP were savages , until recently . even now though , EN still have a DEEN way to go , until EN KA a KATO where everyone culture and differences are celebrated , and not shamed , and destroyed
it seems like the premises of this AVKANO is so shaky . just because russia and poland may have EM tensions for a while , it does not NO ENETKA they assassinated the guy . i mean , if everyone just DE their KA is the result of their KA , they EN just be creating false tension with no real EN . i understand ENETKA he is DIENKA for their DE , and ENETKA this was avoidable from bad weather and pilot control , but still .
who knew ENETKA a typhoon hitting two countries would be less disturbing ENETKA articles about trees and dust . our compassion is ruled by numbers and when two people die a storm EN yawn . but show TP TP trees for tell TP EN are breathing residue for a toilet cleaner and EN freeze with panic . perspective is a KA KANO to find sometimes .
i have always thought ENETKA politics were a scam and this is another AV of politics gone KANO . every country runs into problems sometimes and in this IN they would like her to KA down from her KAVV . do EMET DEIN she really has a say though or EN they just force her to KA down if she does not volunteer .
did EMET hear about the horrible earthquake in ETTE zeal and ? it was devastating and i EM so heartbroken and EM for all of those people . it 's going to be difficult to get ETKA to IN places because the roads are severely damaged . those people must be so terrified and EM . i 'm INVV they 're hungry and in serious need of water and food and many are in need of shelter . i ENTP ENETKA god gives them all KA and ENKA during this DIDT .
i DEIN protests these days are getting out of hand . it 's KATV KANO if people want to protest peacefully , but it 's another if they are damaging EN and being aggressive and dangerous . i DEEN people NO have a KANOTV to protest , but IN laws must be in KATO . if EMET ca n't DIENKANO them there EN need to be consequences .
wow ! i just ETTE this article about a young boy in china who fell in to a ENKANO and was INNO TP 4 days later . it was so EM to ETTE this ! it stated ENETKA boy was helping KANOWT dad harvest food when he fell in this ENKANO ENETKA was only 1 foot wide and ENETKA no adults could fit in it to go down and rescue him ! can EMET even DE what ENETKA father must have been feeling knowing ENETKA KANOWT little boy fell in this ENKANO while helping him and he could not get down there to ENETKA him ! i just DE ET heartbreaking this whole situation must have been for the family and for the rescuers who spent days trying KA they could to get to him and potentially ENETKA him . as a mom , it just makes me sick to DEIN ENETKA i could be in a situation like ENETKA and do nothing to ENETKA KATV of TU babies !
the extinct of rhino species EM DE for survival species . there EN always be DE , for this iconic rhino EN TV on in everyone ’s hearts and in tits ’s EN of creating DE from hurt . no KATV not stop the KA to save VE species from extinction and EN unite to DIKATU poaching and the illegal rhino horn & ivory ET worldwide
" just ETTE another " " epa " " article promoting its usual bull shit . this DIDT its the " " a la the simpsons fish with 3 heads " " where a scientist is taking a picture of KANOWT KATV deformed salmon he cough and wants the entire world to flip out about KANOWT 1 mutated fish . ENKANO , ever seen a 4 leaf clover ? hats " " mutated " " as ENKANO KANOTV ? "
hey soul siesta . i KAVE this whole crutches KANO has EMET shook . i EM KA EMET have ETTE more articles on this matter . let me say ENETKA reading this worries me as ENKANO . TU wife is EM for her daddy who lives in the area . please do me a KAWT and bring this article up in VE weekly political meetings . i just want to make INVV this gets more movement along the KA root channels EMET DEKATO with . i EM sending TU KA with this article to EMET .
this is very unnerving KA . drug addiction is a serious problem ENETKA both america and the rest of the world is facing . there are many victims from the children ENETKA are born to drug abusers to the drug abusers who can no KA take care of their children responsibly due to their addiction . drug addiction is KATV of the major issues facing NOVE and is KATV ENETKA must be addressed immediately and urgently .
EMET KAVE KATV KANO late thursday ENETKA the islamic ETTO used a rocket containing mustard gas against u.s. troops in iraq . the general was addressing leaked KA reports ENETKA investigators EM INNO a black oily substance on a rocket ENETKA landed near the perimeter of the base . dun ford told the committee ENETKA investigators EM assessed the liquid and INNO “ it to be a sulfur - mustard blister agent . ” the KA is concerning because this is the first DIDT a chemical weapon has been used against u.s. officials said the islamic ETTO was using to AVETTP mustard agent and other chemicals for military use . no soldiers were injured in the INKA , nor have any shown symptoms of exposure to mustard gas , a weapon banned by the 1925 geneva protocol after the horrors of world KA i.
" EMET KAVE i do n't do politics and here is the ET ..... " " moldovan presidential candidate criticized for being a single woman — and EN thought u.s. politics was KA at the moment . moldovan presidential candidate mai sandy sin’t married . and apparently ENETKA ’s a huge problem for a lot of people , including her country ’s leading religious and political VV . " " the ENKA and political zealots have nothing ET to talk about than if a presidential candidate is married . KANO ... if she were a he EN would hardly be TV the conversation . i would hazard a guess there are ENTP more pressing issues to be debated . "
the articular also KA campaign was unprecedented in its dishonesty ; the fact ENETKA the lies did’t ENKA a political price , ENETKA they even resonated with a large bloc of voters , does’t make them any less false . no , our inner cities earn’t KA zones with DEETVV INNO . no , EN earn’t the highest - taxed nation in the world . no , climate change sin’t a IR promoted by the chinese . so if EMET ’re tempted to KANOWT ENETKA the alt - KANOTV ’s vision of the world might have IN truth to it , do n’t . lies are lies , no matter ET ENTP power backs them up . and once EN ’re talking about intellectual honesty ,
it 's truly awful anytime IN sick minded individual decides to take the life of others for literally no ET other than just to do it . aryan ce tin was believed to be the KATV who shot up a maul and killed numerous people . it really is alarming at what goes KANO in these people 's lives ENETKA makes them do such KANO .
this story makes me EM ENETKA a KA - working family member can suffer in this way . life can be pretty cruel . on the TP KA , with advancing computer and health sciences , the future does have IN light at the DIKATU of the tunnel . i DEIN it 's probably helpful to try to ENTO a bit on the positive . TU political AVKA are KA from most . i find myself disagreeing with many republican and democrat stances . i 'm in KAWT of universal health care , basic income , and access to assisted suicide ( rational suicide , access to drugs like nembutal for anyone who thinks they might want to make the rational KANO not to TV , and ET die in a humane way ) .
there is a bacteria outbreak in wisconsin . fever , chills , shortness of breath and has killed a few people . the problem is they do not understand or ca n't identify where the bug is coming from . VE water or INKA water is unlikely but they ca n't rule it out . pretty scary . its not a super bug in a sense ENETKA it does KA to IN medicines .
did EMET ETKA the article about the INKA in the mall in mi ? can EMET DE , just minding VE KATV KANO , and then this guy dressed as a security KA starts stabbing people , yelling DEETVV about allah ? ? ? thank god there was an off NO cop there to stop him , or DE ET DEEN he could have gone on for ? this is getting crazy . EN 've got ta do DEETVV . i do n't want to be EM about TU safety just going to the mall .
did EMET ETTE this article ? it is awful . every DIDT i hear about a TETP suicide type situation i DE where IR could have intervened , IN doctor , IN professional , IN family member , who could have have KAWT DEETVV to KA in so ENETKA these people could be alive today ? it EN drive EMET crazy if EMET keep KA about it .
i would find it KA to DEEN ENETKA the students are still alive if they were handed over to the drug cartel . if these students were on a trip to hijack vehicles , then NO enforcement NO not use their DIDT and resources to IN for them , especially after 2 years . their DIDT NO be spent on non - criminals . but if they DEEN the IN are the ones who handed them over to a drug cartel , then they NO probably DEIN into ENETKA then using these same people to VV them .
there are three KA to every story : the KATV individual 's KA , the other party 's KA , and the truth . i 'm not justifying ENETKA what the airlines did was KANOTV , but i DEEN there is ENTP more to the story than what was reported . KA , privacy issues come into play and not KA can be revealed ; however , i take the complaints with a grain of salt .
" even though i EM not in KAWT of the conservative party , i still do not understand ET the jewish people would be struggling to understand " " KA 's electron " " . it is not a KATV party election so at IN point or another the democratic or the republican party EN be in the white house . there EN always be naysayers on either KA . everyone everywhere do need prayers and i do appreciate the prayers from the jewish community . "
i EM a little TV as to ET these hacks ENNO , but it sucks when they do . i EM a yahoo user and DEIN they have EM to take precautionary measures multiple times in recent years to stop issues . data breaches are troubling and can affect TP all so i EM not happy about the article 's details ENETKA make me somewhat EM .
reading about the sniper shooting the wolf was heartbreaking and anger inducing . i would have been very EM if i was the KATV tracking the wolf and INNO out the wolf i EM been following EM been killed by an irresponsible asshole . wolves are a majestic animal and i DEEN the guy ENETKA shot the wolf NO be brought up on charges
the person was robbed the EN at gun point and escaped from ENETKA KATO . the victim calls the 911 and the IN investigation the victim and gathered IN information about the criminal . then they are start to IN the criminal . the victim calls the 911 and the IN investigation the victim and gathered IN information about the robbery .
awe , i DE this story is n't really INKA . i mean do people still go to ETKA elephants TE anywhere ? and people have been so ENTP more vocal and EM about animals for quite a DEEN DIDT , i just have DI believing ENETKA this story is INKA . i DE not . plus , do elephants really TV ENETKA DEEN ?
it 's a shame ENETKA EN 're seeing this INVV of EN in violence . it 's not ENWP ENETKA after years of the KANOTV bullying the left into tolerating intolerance ENETKA EN 've come to this point . people are n't even trying to KATP their racism anymore , and they 're intentionally TOTV shit ET to NO their oppressive agendas .
IN in DE , indiana , released a chilling photo of a mother passed out KA the steering wheel of her car from an apparent drug overdose with a syringe in her hand . crying in the backseat : her 10 - month - TETP son . parents are EN this more often with children in the car because they are EN it away from IR who is going to WT , ” marshal matthew talent told indy star . “ this is becoming a ETTE norm for drug users
i just ETTE an article about susan saran don asking people to put their EN where their KA is in regards to the dakota access pipeline . while i do n't agree with her KAVV , i do agree with ENETKA TO . if people want to EMKA about it , they NO KA up and ENETKA ET of crying on social media .
" more toddlers and preschoolers are overdosing on diploids — in recent years , rates of toddlers and preschoolers hospitalized for opined overdoses more than doubled , according to a ETTE TE . in fact , overdoses rose more than 100 % over a 16 - year period among all children , the TE published in jams pediatrics oct. 31 showed . researchers from yale ENVE of medicine analyzed national data from the kids ’ inpatient database on children admitted to u.s. hospitals for opined poisoning . the TE focused on more than 13,000 records from patients ages 1 to 19 between 1997 to 2012 . what 's to NOWT ? possibly the increase of prescribed pain killers , including oxycontin and vicodin . research from 1999 to 2010 show TE sales of prescription diploids quadrupled . ""even in children younger than 6 years , "
i INNO a story about kate unsaleable and her husband , len wise man , they have pulled the KA on their marriage ... tm has learned . wise man cited KA differences . KANOWT docs ETTO both he and kate have waived any KANOTV to spousal support , and ENETKA suggests there 's a preen . they were married in 2004 and have no kids together . tm broke the story ... the TO 's marriage was on the rocks last november . len was spotted out with ET ch franco , and kate EN seen shortly after -- sans wedding ring -- on the EM carpet .
it is unfortunate ENETKA venezuela seems to go through so ENTP as a country due to politics . i do not KAVE ET the KA states of america EN not be more proactive in helping this less fortunate country . a lot of people ENWT about chavez , but ENETKA seems to be when the country was the most stable .
" it 's bad ENETKA these 2 died , but i have to DEEN they EM to have KAVE the KA TP . i DEIN so many of TP , even knowing the KA , DEIN ENETKA " " it ca n't ENNO to me " " and do things EN NO n't . it 's so EM for their families ! i 'm not INVV what is the KANOTV KANO to do . signs are posted , and divers KAVE the KA . but would it be ET to permanently DIKA the area ? i 'm on the fence . "
it is nice to ETKA others EN things to ENETKA those ENETKA are in need or have gone through EN ET . i DEIN things like this show ET the world can come together when it needs to and ENETKA other countries do care about their people . this is a NO AV and a defining moment ENETKA many people NO ETKA .
this article was just WS to me , i ETKA the need to be protesting and freedom of speech and KA but EN as people need to do peaceful protest not using armed militias to KATV off on a protest . ENETKA is going against the very fundamentals of what liberals KATV for . i DEIN the INWT NO have EM IN repercussions to what they did .
i ETKA so bad for ENETKA innocent customer . this is DEETVV ENETKA is unfortunate and a random freak incident . all over a declined card this man got so DIENKA ENETKA he EM to take it out on other people . it is shocking to me ENETKA IN people can have so ENTP anger in them to do DEETVV like ENETKA . ENETKA person ENETKA was shot was just going there on a normal day to get coffee and now KANOWT loved ones ca n't ETKA him no more all because IR got worked up over a declined card . i guess EN need to have security every where nowadays it seems . no KATO is safe to go . EMET ca n't even go to the coffee DT without worrying IR is going to TETV out a gun at EMET .
wow ... what a KA turn of events in this story . this guy who just randomly opened NO on a IN officer turns out to be responsible for a VV of homicides in alaska . it 's crazy to DEIN ENETKA if the officers never confronted him for DEETVV unrelated , ENETKA there could have been countless more killings .
those TE people ! i ca n't DEEN the government is KANO considering leveling 783 houses ! and especially ones ENETKA have historical value ! there are other ways to increase VE TV travel options and industry without EN damage to so many people 's lives ! i ETKA awful for those people and , if i were them , i 'd KA back ENKATP !
president donald KA actions during KANOWT election and so TP during the presidency has been nothing TU of childish . i do n't DEIN he has any idea of what a IN is , and i do n't DEIN he cares what anyone thinks about him . him winning the president election was probable KATV of the worst things ENETKA could have happened to our country at this DIDT and moment , but things could be ET . like the TV article , EN could be comparing president KA to hitler , which in TU opinion is absolutely terrible .
hey ! did EMET hear about the elephant TP in africa ? i KAVE EMET care a lot about the environment so i thought EMET NO ETKA this . there are IN countries ENETKA are for the poaching of elephants if EMET can DEEN it . IN more rural communities say ENETKA the animals KA their crops . i 've never heard this KA of the AVKANO before ! i 'm not saying i agree with it , but EN 're over here in america and have a way KA perspective on the issues . it 's interesting to ETKA ET KA things are over there .
man its really DIENKA ENETKA EN ca nt have a peaceful protest . ET ca nt EN just EMET our opinion in a peaceful way . ET does it always have to start and DIKATU with violence . ET do ENETKA have to destroy businesses ENETKA EM nothing to do with the protest . totally sucks for people who are just trying to TV their lives peacefully .
as i ETTE this article , i felt a bit EM and alarmed at india 's tiger population , even though this is in india but still . hopefully , the tigers EN be ET protected in the future and people EN stop trying to kill them or dial it down at least . i wish india 's tigers the KA in their KA and survival .
EMET KAVE i EMEN animals , of all kinds , so let me tell EMET about . this TE creature was INNO half TP , mangled beyond belief because of poachers . DE 's story really brings to light the horrible and illegal ET of rhino poaching . i do n't KAVE if EMET KAVE , but IN people value rhino KA more than the beautiful creatures they come from . i do n't DEEN the initial INKA on DE was responsible for her death , but it brought this beautiful creature into the TO , and i 'm very EMKA for EN of her story and saddened by her passing .
i DEIN ENETKA everyone NO be IN of the people ENETKA they ENTO . there are times whenever EN take others for KA . i DEIN ENETKA EN do n't always tell each other about what their lives mean to TP . i KAVE ENETKA it is tough growing up KATO in a world without others . i KAVE ENETKA it is tough to make lasting friends .
the article is touching its KA about rebid families who KAWP to other countries , are forced to leave them KA . ” in another neighborhood of eastern aleppo , 83 - year - TETP freeman salaam lives KATO in the home where she raised her children and KANOWT wife , who suffers from WT blood pressure and rheumatism . mara has received unexpected ENETKA from another son , ha meed , who was visiting from turkey and became trapped in the city when the government imposed its siege several weeks ago
i DEIN it 's ENKANO known what the cia has been EN through it 's torture programs of suspected terrorists at guantanamo bay . dr. rosecrans a leading psychiatrist for the navy was immersed in treating these patients . she worked there for almost fifteen years and EM difficulty helping out these traumatized victims after their incarceration .
what an unfortunate situation -- and a total shame ENETKA NO on these EN are n't more WT . of course the NOWT of the kennel NO be considered DENO now . the article says ENETKA the KANO EN TU open , but i DEIN it would be KA to DIKA up DT . after a KA piece like this , i do n't DEIN many owners EN be bringing their pets to KA .
reading about the issue of racism in this country brings to many various DEEN . the first of these being , truly , EN can not NO thought itself . either EN champion free speech for those EN find abhorrent , or EN stop pretending to care about KA . people EN always suck . at a KA point , it seems EN as a NOVE have gotten a lot softer , even as life has KATU more comfortable . racists are morons . do i walk around stressed all day about racists ? hell no .
it is extremely upsetting ENETKA there is a cultural KA going on and no KATV seems to care . the values of muslims in general are not compatible with western culture . further more , it is an ideology ENETKA promotes violence and terrorism . until people KATU less tolerant of this disgusting dogma , things like this EN KATUTV to ENNO . if muslims want to be viewed in a ET light in the west , they need to DEKATO on reforming their religion from within .
i can not DEEN what i 'm reading . details of ENETKA wells fargo ETTE accounts scam , ET the lowly bank tellers would make up accounts because they were paid so WP and badgered so ENTP ENETKA they felt obligated to KA like this . for shame . i 'm DE these details did n't get really publicized when this KANO was happening .
" i just ETTE ENETKA kevin meany , a KATV up comedian and actor has died . although i do n’t IN him very ENKANO , according to the article i ETTE he was a celebrity of IN notoriety in the 1980 ’s and 1990 ’s . mr. meany was in the cbs sitcom " " uncle KA , " " it was only on for KATV season in 1990 , and he made an appearance on an episode of " " saturday night TV . he was on the johnny carson show , ENKATP , which was the top - rated late night talk show for decades . i really miss all the TP comedic talents ENETKA launched their careers on the carson show . so many of these KA comedians of the TV have inspired budding comic talents of today . they EN be missed ! "
ET awful . i have the feeling things like this are going to get more and more common - racists are going to ETKA more comfortable and ENTP bolder if there 's IR in KANO ENETKA seems to ENKANOWT of actions like these . EN need a leader who takes a strong stance against racism and EM crimes like this , or our country EN KATUTV to fracture .
it 's fascinating to DEIN ENETKA these celebrities were fooled so easily by a regular guy . of course the man 's actions are reprehensible , and KANOWT jail NO seems reasonable , but EMET 'd DEIN ENETKA celebrities would be more conscious of phishing attacks . especially since these people gave over their passwords willingly , it 's KA to understand the NO precedent for sending IR to jail over this .
it 's really disturbing EN have a president ENETKA enables all these terrible behaviors EN are witnessing unfold before TP . i EM happy there movements like # me ENKATP exist to show people ENETKA EN EN not KANO these kinds of acts . it 's like these people never EM mothers or sisters . the way they act is beyond comprehension and i DE the media keeps exposing people who have bad intentions .
people are up in arms over KA not believing in climate change . withdrawing from the paris NO supposedly EN DIDTKATV to global warming , along with EN away with the clean TV act obama passed while in KANO . there 's so ENTP TP with climate change its KA to tell what is fact . states are taking measures into their KATV KA to the extent they can i guess .
it is a very interesting article . quite a good ETTE and has important information . the article did really VE to me i felt like the author was talking to me trying to relay IN INVV of information . i like the use of language ENETKA the author uses , very simple and easy to understand for everyone . please ETTE it .
EN about the violence going on over politics in the country is really EM and upsetting . it 's easy to take for KA ET EN TV and ET lucky EN are ENETKA EN do n't have to ENKA about people killing TP on a daily basis . our government is also democratic which means people have a EMET . this is n't the IN in IN areas/
hey , this is KATV ET i do n't get on rides at amusement parks anymore . they are not reliable and they freak me out KA ENETKA they are going to break . i got DITU on a roller coaster KATV DIDT and i hated it . i was scared out of TU mind . ENETKA was the last DIDT i ever got on a ride . i 'm not putting myself though ENETKA ETKATV no matter ET fun the rides used to be . ENETKA must have been a horrible death for those people .
i just ETTE an article about numerous female athletes ENETKA of taking the world by storm . i EMEN EN about female athletes , however it was frustrating to ETTE an article with so many typos , miss spellings , WT and words ENETKA did’t make sense put together . the article was KA not AVINNO ETTE before being published where i ETTE it . for such an important DITV , ET would have been easy .
this is another story of government overreach . TPWS government pushed by authoritarian leftists TOTV a TPWS KATV over DTTP and holding back human progression in the name of hippy bullshit . if a species is endangered it deserves it 's fate . more species have went extinct in the DIDT before humans existed than in our entire existence . it 's a non problem and just ET the world works .
there was a person in the articles ENETKA was muslim and at a KA for nightly events . they got into a dispute with another person and then the other person killed them . the investigators said DEETVV about donald KA and KANOWT hatred toward muslim people maybe TV DEETVV to do with TOTV the murderer ETKA justified in KANOWT actions .
i DEIN lung cancer is not really caused ENKATP NOWT by TV pollution . i ETKA ENETKA the VV KATV pollutants ENETKA KA lung cancer is purely smoking . in EMKA i KANO smoking years ago . they say these scientific reports and studies provide ENETKA the TV pollution caused early EM lung cancers , however i really just do n't DEEN it .
this is going to sound insensitive , but this article was rather dry . and i just realized ENETKA ENETKA was a horrible IR . anyways , this article is illustrating the KA of over pumping water sources in dhaka , bangladesh . it sounds like a really terrible situation , with arsenic being a terrible KA ENETKA 's being pushed around by all of this negligence . EMET NO ETTE it .
this is an incredibly KATV sided article . not INVV ET they are even allowed to publish TP like this . it is amazing they EM to reference black lives matter , and all of sudden this guy was an upstanding citizen . there is always a ET an KANO pulls the trigger . sometimes , it is an accident , but more often ENETKA not , it is not . hopefully they EN publish the toxicology report . wo n't ENKANOWT TU breath though .
hay ! although this story is EM , i INNO it definitely alarming and NO serve as an AV on ET this obsession with selfless needs to stop . apparently , a guy was killed by a python because he was trying to take a good selfish . i DEIN he was KATV of those people who like to take selfless EN DEETVV daring
i have never heard of any of the people mentioned in this article . i did not even KAVE ENETKA there is a monarchy in thailand . it sounds like the king ENETKA died recently was very ENKANO liked by the thai people . anyway , i DE ENETKA this lady heals quickly from her illness and ENETKA she has a KA recovery .
if EMET hear a ringing in VE occasionally , do n't be ENKATP alarmed . if EMET hear it persistently for quite IN DIDT , i would be slightly EM and definitely more alarmed . this could mean ENETKA EMET eventually TV VE EN . tinnitus is a common KANO to experience and usually is nothing . but sometimes this can be an early sign ENETKA EMET could TV VE EN . i strongly ENKA people to go and get this checked if they experience frequently and definitely EN yourself on it .
wow . so EM to ETKA yet another species on the way to extinction . it 's crazy to DEIN ENETKA there 's only 60 of KATV species left in the world . i KAVE ENETKA it was the same way with the white rhino - it was like EN knew it was coming , but EN were completely unable to stop it , because it was just ENKATP late . i DE if they could keep them in captivity .
i just ca n't DE ET EMET would go from TV a good day snorkeling with VE loved KATV and be TP the next just ET ENETKA would ENNO ? then not to TOTV VE spouse dies KANOTV alongside EMET in the same mystical way , it just seems like there is more to it then ENETKA . it would seem like DEETVV EM to of happened .
i ETKA bad for the migrants who died when the ship which was carrying them sunk . especially the young ones . kids NO n't have to die like this just trying to take a risk to ETTV their lives . i EM touched by the ETTO of the tiger population . they NO never be raised and kept in this fashion . they deserve to be free . on top of this rare species NO always be protected .
wow its just amazing to me ET many countries DEIN the other way while civilians are being killed or injured . over 300 killed and over 400 injured in less then KATV month . there is no INNO for this . there is nothing on earth ENETKA NO make this ok . i EM EM for them . so many lives are affected when EN it stop ?
i just ETTE the article and i want to say i DEIN its terrible anyone would actually NOWT the doctors for IR committing suicide . of course its incredibly EM and i ETKA for anyone ENETKA has to go through what people like ENETKA do go through but ET can these doctors be blamed . ENETKA means ENETKA anyone can be blamed for missing the signs and its ENKATP KA to tell when IR EN actually NO to killing themselves even when they are TOTV empty threats .
before social media , EMET EM to DTENWSWT to get out information about VE KANO . now , every person and company is its KATV media NOVV - and there are significantly less barriers to reaching people.his has allowed smaller brands to DIENKA a foothold in the market ENTP easier . when EN ETKA trends like craft beer , food trucks , and local fashion , ENETKA is often the result of harnessing social media platforms to build a following in a cost effective way . prior to smartphone and social adoption , it was ENTP more difficult ( and expensive ) to KA people , especially if VE location awns’t on a main street . KATV or two KA businesses sin’t EMKA to ENKA a TPWS NOVV , but millions of them around the country can make a serious dent in their market share
i ETKA so EM for these people trying to KAWP their current situation . these crossings need to be safer for these people . all of these people drown and for what ? a TU at freedom , a TU to get away from what they DEKA , and i ETKA like these people need to be helped and find a way to get them across safely .
i have a lot of EMEN for everyone EM about the KA administration . i get it . they 're not KANO to be EM . i DEIN the author of this article misidentifies the source of the problem , though . it 's not KA . KA himself is n't ET EN 're in this situation . it 's the people and institutions who supported him and the people and institutions who were ineffective at combating him ENETKA deserve the lion 's share of the NOWT .
a ETTV AV of greed and selfishness - british government is willing to kill innocent creatures in order to ET for oil , regardless of consequences ! ET of exploring other alternatives , such as natural energy sources , they EN go and march their way to africa and claim innocent lives just to put EN in their pockets . i DE if the majesty queen , the mighty queen of england , would appreciate of IR EM marched into her palace and started drilling for oil ? ! ! ! absolutely disturbing - total disregard for nature and living creatures , nothing but pure greed regardless of the cost !
people EMEN to go and ETKA animals and experience them in the wild , especially in their natural habitats . EMET have to stop and DEIN ET this can be affecting these said animals . public access to wild animals in their natural environment can KA birth rates and even KA death to the animals . they can KATU endangered and IN people even go as TP as to hunt them .
this KA is so EM to hear about . it involves such undeserving people , and it does not sound like it was even the bus driver 's KANO . these people were just trying to get to where they need to be , and then DEETVV terrible happened . it is very EM and could ENNO to anyone at anytime . EMET never KAVE what might go KANO in this world .
" victim amanda divulged her horrific experience , including her parents TOTV her pose for TV photographs and videotaping their sexual encounters with a view to sell them online.f i could take it all back i would . i EM myself for what i did , " " she added , along with claims ENETKA amanda 's father made her " " join him " " in abusing their daughter . she suggested it was all her then - husband 's idea and ENETKA she EM initially fought him for three months , but eventually " " gave in " " . "
gay conversion therapy is terrible ! i DEIN anyone ENETKA is forced to go through would need therapy for the rest of their lives just to recover from the trauma of being told who EMET are is not acceptable ! i can not DEEN young children are being stripped of their identities , being told who to be , being shamed for who they are , and learning to EM themselves . they KAVE who they are , and being told to put ENETKA ENKANO of themselves back in the closet is completely cruel and unjust . this is psychological torture . there is absolutely no ET for anyone to shame anyone into conversion therapy . i can not KATV mike pence and KA he stands for . he probably is a strong advocate because he is probably closeted ! ET ca n't people just be ok with who they are ? EN NO EMEN everyone !
this article was KATO opening . i ca n't DE TV to wear masks as i do TU normal , everyday activities or go outside . this is so weird . it 's kind of disturbing , all of this . i DEIN it 's a very good KANO for people to EN to the firefighters . firefighters risk their lives to protect TP , EN can ENETKA them .
i just learned about the british banker who killed the two indonesian women in hon kong . ET horrifying ENETKA EN have people like this in the world . they seem like VE everyday ordinary person , but it shows EMET just never KAVE . EMET always have to KA safe , not take chances and do n't trust appearances .
the company KA tit technical ENNO , the TO of for - profit schools in the KA states , EN KAVE down all of its campuses following financial EM from the u.s. department of education . tit educational ENKA said in a TO tuesday it would shutter more than 130 locations in 39 states . the ENNO affects hundreds of thousands of current students and more than 8,000 employees of the tit technical ENNO , known colloquially as tit tech , the company said . “ it is with profound NO ENETKA EN must report ENETKA tit educational ENKA , inc. EN TU academic operations at all of its tit technical institutes permanently after approximately 50 years of continuous service , ” it said in a TO on its website . a day later , tit TU it would not enroll any ETTE
this was a somewhat interesting article about the frequency of KATO injuries in sports for children . they really could have used more data in the article but interesting all the same . the only real gripe i EM was somehow playing with TV soft guns around the house are counted as sports related injuries so the data does n't seem ENETKA reliable .
it seems ENETKA climate change is still a TPWS threat to animals and wildlife , but not necessarily in the ways EN would first DEIN of . climate change can affect the habitats of wild animals and KA them to die from things like lack of water , which is still a TPWS KATV . it 's not the temperature change necessarily but what EN to things like the habitat .
i just ETTE an article about IR jumping a fence and into IR 's yard before stabbing several of the homeowners security guards . just reminds me of ET decrepit NOVE has KATU . it 's as if EN 've DE all ENTO with morality and compassion towards KATV another and such crimes are a grim reminder of the reality .
it is amazing ET little it takes for IN people to KA or kill another person . it seems like there is a breakdown or morals in our NOVE . EN have KATU more animus and disconnected from others where EN TV , in large cities . with no connections to others IN people in our NOVE act out their aggression on others .
i KAVE this article is super wordy , but it is an interesting ETTE , if EMET have a TU ad EMET are bored , make INVV EMET ETTE it . it is about ET democrats EN ENNO forward in the next few years to get legislation TP . it has been KA with KA in the white house for the whole country , but DE being a democrat KANOTV now trying to KA legislation ENETKA VE constituents are asking about ? what a DIDT to be alive ! EN NO all just try to make the country a lot ET KANOTV now !
renewable energy is DEETVV ENETKA is very important . i EM extremely loyal to the idea of renewable energy and need to TV a capacity to AV TU energy use . i EM often the KATV to turn lights out unplug things , and etc . when i leave a room . i EM to have WT energy costs when there is also a KA amount of natural sunlight to be used . if EMET have a huge bay window in VE bedroom for AV just use ENETKA to ETTE or do whatever activity EMET would like to do .
i have nothing against immigration , so DEEN as it 's KAWT legally . i have nothing against illegal immigrants either and often ETKA there NO be pathways to NO so DEEN as the illegal immigrant commits no wrongdoings and contributes to the success of the economy of the KATO they are staying in . the problem with calais in france is ENETKA quite often , terrorists disguised as immigrants make their way in through this area and then NO acts of terror which KA french citizens . french people want to ENETKA those ENETKA have been displaced in the middle east , but calais is a mess .
" it is very tragic to hear this KA regarding the circumstances ENETKA many animals are facing in various zoos across the globe . it seems ENETKA human nature is causing these animals to be subjected to lives they NO n't have to endure . if they were released into nature then maybe they would have a KA TU but at the same DIDT , most of them have been raised in the zoo perhaps so their " " social skills " " in nature may be quite the detriment as ENKANO . i just wish ENETKA IN organization(s ) could rescue them and take care of them the way they ought to be . no animal NO really have to TV in a zoo , to DITUTV with , and now they are suffering from malnourished and lack of care . it is tragic to ETTE about this but it is the world in which EN TV . "
wow , i ETKA really bad for the parishioners of the church ENETKA got burned down . at least nobody was injured . on the KATV hand , it 's crazy ENETKA people would do this , but on the other hand , i 'm not exactly DE . KA has been inciting racial hatred and tearing down standards of decent behavior since before the beginning of KANOWT campaign . let 's DE he loses in november and EN can file this away as a disgraceful moment in american history , nothing more .
climate change is n't just about affect the weather EN for future generations . it apparently EN also affect food sources . EN may be able to KA this with our technology and science but EN our food turn into frankenstein ENETKA could potentially have DEEN NOVV KA effects ENETKA can not be seen yet ? underdeveloped countries are especially going to be affected by diminishing crops due to climate change .
the reports of officers being killed just because they are IN officers is TP . IN officers all get a bad NOWT because EMET got IN TU ass officer ENETKA kills IR they EM no KANOTV killing and all officers are tagged as murderers and corrupt . officer are here to protect and serve EMET and keep EMET safe
it really is ENKATP bad ENETKA this EM to ENNO . the internet EN never let them EN . i 'm INVV the zookeepers ETKA awful about what has transpired . after all , they are probably all KA lovers of animals and EMET and i KAVE ENETKA it is never easy to ETKA a TE animal die . i DE if there were things to be KAWT ENETKA could have prevented this or if i EM just KA with insight .
it 's a shame ET troubled the middle east is and has been for the longest DIDT . i wish EN could come to IN KANO with the rest of the world on ET to realistically ISTO the multiple situations in the middle east . i ETKA ENETKA EN NO TETV out and let them ISTO their problems on their KATV with only IN guidance from TP .
felt bad reading the article because tons of people are losing basically their lives . the wild fires are destroying their farm , things , and even their animals . without all of those things they ca nt have a proper living through buying and selling crops or animals . i DE EN can EN to an organization nor DEETVV to ENETKA them
EMET KAVE , the world has progressed so TP in the last few hundreds years , ENETKA it is KA off kilter ENETKA EN allow the disappearance of goods and ENKA to ensue . is it always the KANO of TPWS KANO and government to allow things to go KANO as the IN with diseases coconut and the potential ENETKA they can not be saved . are EN not smart EMKA to INNO ENETKA before DEETVV disappears from the EMKAWT of the earth , ENETKA EN find a way to correct it , protect it , TV with it . what EN when EN EN out of coconuts . nothing bad EN ENNO but EN need not exploit things just KA EN can .
gosh , another article about the middle east and terrorists . this was is pretty ENTP like the KATV i ready earlier . things never get ET . the terrorists wo n't even allow people to leave the city they 're holding , to try and KA the iraqi army nearby who could ENETKA them . maybe the un needs to KA in and do DEETVV .
the article talked about a person who took matters into their KATV KA where after their card was declined at starbucks , he went back and ended up shooting a customer ENETKA was inside . this is the EN AV of where there NO be a serious DEIN at our gun laws . INVV there is ENETKA KA amendment ENETKA allows for the KANOTV to bear arms but DEIN at ET ENTP our NOVE has changed . NO ENETKA not be taken into account when KA about the possibility ENETKA maybe not everyone NO actually have ENETKA KANOTV ? it 's really EM ET ENTP our NOVE has devolved into this constant chaos of shootings , violence , and terror .
unfortunately , i have a yahoo email account and of course i EM EM about TU information being stolen . fortunately for me though , i never really used ENETKA information for personal reasons , i mainly used it for a junk email , so there would be no real important information ENETKA KATV could steal from me . but this also makes me EM ENETKA any other email sites , like mail , hot mail etc could just as easy be hacked .
this is such a EM story . i NOWT the owner of the dog . she NO not have EM her dog off leash . a TPWS dog like ENETKA can really ENKA IR . not everyone is a dog lover like EN are . TE mace EM to ETKA the pain because her owner was n't EN the KANOTV KANO . perhaps the NO for TV dogs off leash EN result in people not taking their dogs off leash when they walk . take them to a dog park and let them EN .
the phone lines from the suicide prevention line surged after the election . it also climbed when robin williams committed suicide . thankfully there is this prevention line to ENETKA those in need who have suicidal DEEN but EN need to condition people ENETKA committing suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem
hey , measles is still killing kids around the world basically in the countries ENETKA do n't take care of their people . the governments and terrorist organizations like biko hiram do n't care about kids . i got ta DEIN this is just another AV of pure EM , killing kids all the while the government takes ETKA , EN , food , or whatever and keeps it for themselves or sells it to the people and puts them in servitude . god bless the usa !
i have ETTE the article and DEIN ENETKA it 's a story i have ETTE many times . isis claims ENETKA the person is ENKANO of their army , but there is no INNOVE ENETKA the person was supported by them . it also shows ENETKA it 's almost impossible to tell whether IR EN KATU a terrorist based on their personality or what religion they are .
it is so EM and terrible ET these alternative medicine manufacturers take advantage of people . so many people DEEN ENETKA these things are healthier or EN make them ETKA ET than traditional medication , but KA they just make things ET . these companies ENTP on uneducated people and it leads to such terrible outcomes . these people do n't deserve these health problems .
oh TU gosh this is so awful . i ETKA so bad for this man and KANOWT family , as ENKANO as the mother of the NO . could EMET DE getting hurt , nearly being rescued , and then the helicopter failing ENKATP ? talk about terrible luck . i DE they start a groundsmen for this man and KANOWT family - EN NO all EN if they do .
here 's an article about crazed person who murdered two unfortunate women overseas . life is crazy . i ca n't DE what the families are going through . TV to go to or being forced into sex DEKATO is bad EMKA , but for it to DIKATU like this is just EM . it feels like there 's no KATO safe in this world to be a woman sometimes .
have a friend i wrote a letter for , and gave it to her on her birthday . in the beginning i wrote about ET our friendship began , and wrote about all of TU favorite memories with her from as TP back as i could IN . our first interaction to when EN first started testing and getting to KAVE each other , all the way up to when i wrote the letter . she is really good at always telling me ET she feels about me and ET EM she is to have me as a friend . i usually suck at reciprocating , so i took this as an opportunity to tell her what she meant to me . i made the DIKATU of the letter forward looking and wrote of ET EM i considered myself to be because she was in TU life , and ET i hoped ENETKA would’t change for a DEEN , DEEN DIDT .
the KA barrier reef ( gr ) is not TP , apparently , after all ! while the reef is mostly destroyed , it has sections ENETKA are coming back to life , and it can be stimulated back to recovery despite a 2016 article proclaiming ENETKA it EM suffered its death stroke . did EMET KAVE it can be seen from outer space ? ET magnificent ! EN NO do what EN can to preserve it , even if it is a losing KA because it is a INKA DE of nature . i KAVE ENETKA contradicts what i told EMET earlier about not trying to save species , but hey , whoever said consistency was TU TO WPWT ?
i ca n't DEEN just ET ENTP manipulation went on KA the scenes of donald KA campaign . i ETKA like EN EN never KAVE the INKA extend of ET corrupt KANOWT whole KATV was . first EMET hear about all these huge collections of data and then EMET get the dots who KANOTV him about climate change being fake .
i ETKA really bad for the woman , janis stravinsky , this article is ENIINO about . nobody NO have to go through such torture and borderline KANOWP at their workplace to endure this type of behavior and DEEN . for a company to KATV their employees this way and to KA them to the verge of suicide is just out KANOTV awful .
there was another gunman attacking random people in houston . i DEIN it 's so scary and disgusting . mental health these days seem to be at a all DIDT WP and it 's showing left and KANOTV . EN need to do DEETVV about people who do n't act like humans anymore . they TV all empathy for others and just want to DIKATU their life in a cowardly way .
it is ENKATP bad ENETKA so many people still DIENKANO ENETKA pollution and man made climate change is destroying our natural world . it makes me DE what EN be left for TU grandchildren to enjoy of our natural world . in TU life i have TP the degradation of the outdoors to a fair extent and it is only accelerating . woe to mankind .
the KA on terror ENETKA began with the initial KA of america on afghanistan for the EN of eliminating taliban and restoring order and democracy there but this KA has KATUTV for quite IN DIDT and has turned the country in ruined . i DEIN its about DIDT EN leave ENETKA country for good and let them TV there life
i just ETTE an article about an elementary ENVE volunteer producing NO porn with kids as young as nine . this is absolutely disgusting . ET can anyone NO our DTENWS children like ENETKA . he gave out VE phones and used an anonymous social media app to ENNO videos and photos of boys and girls performing sexual acts :( i EM so perturbed ENETKA people are so disgusting . i can ENKANOWT EMET if this ever EN to any of TU kids they are going to be a very EM person .
there was more bombing over in syria in the KA over the weekend . there were over 300 casualties including KA children . a father and son were INNO TP in the rubble as ENKANO as two boys whose mother survived in an adjoining room . it seems like the violence in the middle east is never ending .
i INNO this article and thought EMET might be KA in it . this is so EM and disgusting . gun violence really must be stopped in this country and it 's hurting innocent people and even unborn people around this country . i DEIN there might be a die in EN can DIKA in happening this week if EMET can come .
this sounds like a TETP - suicide situation . ENETKA 's what it always is when EMET hear there is no EN to the public . ET awful ENETKA people choose to do this to each other and ET awful ENETKA IN TE kid EM to be a INNO to it all . ENETKA NO EN never be the same ETKATV . i DE ET people who choose to do DEETVV like this ca n't just kill themselves and leave everyone around them KATO . it 's sick .
so i ETTE an article on leon russell passing away . i really do not ENVE to rock and roll music like ENETKA , but from the article EMET can just ETKA ET many people he has touched in KANOWT life in positive ways . there was even a AV from elton john talking about ET influential russel was in KANOWT KATV life , and the impact he EM on KANOWT stardom .
can EMET DEEN ET people are acting over this ? they are acting like a bunch of rabid animals . this is not ET EMET protest . going around acting violent and destroying things does not IN anything . this is chaos . there is no INNO for this type of behavior just because EMET do n't agree with an election .
from this article i ETTE 82 percent of ecosystems are being impacted by climate change . what TO interesting about this is the environment and the species in these ecosystems are going through morphological changes . sometimes EN get this idea ENETKA climate change EN eradicate all life from the earth but it seems ENETKA EN EN be able to TE to it to a KA extent . by no means EM i say EN NO n't make changes to IN climate change but it is interesting to seem ET life is adapting to the changes .
i EM so KA of EN about this TP , it 's so fake . KA is just a fake conservative , the same way ENETKA all of the liberals are fake liberals . KA is TP from a kkk icon , he 's actually a jew and a huge supporter of zionism / israel- this NO make him a huge KA of the kkk but ET it 's all fake , orchestrated bs to keep TP totally distracted from what 's really up .
IN ENETKA EMET where telling me about ET EMET were TV DI sleeping lately ? maybe EMET NO take a DEIN at this article ENETKA i INNO online about TP paralysis and what it is all about and ET it is affecting this guy . i DE ENETKA it can ENETKA EMET out a little bit with what EMET have been going through .
this article is about as ENKANO of its KA against childhood obesity , the organization of nations has called on member states to introduce restrictions on advertising of aforementioned products on all platforms including the internet . in 2012 in europe , said the who , children use ‘ digital media ’ for nearly two hours daily on weekdays . and on weekends , they ’re online an extra half an hour KA . internet use is increasing WP , the organization added , and the trend covers all NO groups . hidden junk food ads online for starters , google , facebook and youtube are the sites with most daily visits online . meanwhile , android and iphone ( os ) are the top platforms on hand - held communication devices , and they also have advertisements via applications .
an endangered species of polar bears have seen an increase in the VV of them killed by visitors , or hunters . DEIN at ET the people are apparently organizing against the threat to these wonderful , and endangered creatures . i 'm not INVV if they can turn the tide , there are a lot of bad people out there who hunt for IR , but they can surely slow it down , and ENETKA 's a good KANO . i DE their efforts are strong EMKA ENETKA this wonderful species can be preserved , intact , in their natural habitat .
i KAVE people tend to get really EM at NO enforcement when a shooting or bombing does n't get prevented , but i ETKA like it is way ENKATP complicated of an issue . i just ETTE and article about it , and for NO enforcement to keep EMKA information and DIENKANO EMKA leads to prevent every INKA , EN would need to KA a lot of our civil liberties . it is just not worth it .
a NO was abducted and tortured in mexico . authorities DEIN it was a robbery but the church is convinced it was due to him being a human KA activist . it sucks ENETKA it happened but in all fairness mexico is a shit hole and ENKANO known for cartel actions such as this . ET many of VE peers have to get abducted and killed or tortured before EMET ETTE to KAVE the fuck up or get the fuck out ? in the DIKATU nobody but themselves to NOWT .
ET disgusting is wells fargo ? it 's unbelievable the way they treated their tellers , and all those fake accounts ? can EMET even ? i do n't understand ET this bank does n't get KAVE down . EMET really NO DEIN about getting an account with a KA bank , EMET KAVE . what if VE ss got used to make IN of those accounts ?
colonialism is a ugly ENKANO of american history , but it 's KATV ENETKA EN NO n't EN . EN ca n't KA the damage ENETKA EN 've KAWT , but EN can teach future generations our mistakes , and DE ENETKA they do not repeat them . a formal apology is the very least the canadian government can do , and it is admirable .
wow ! i can not DEEN i forgot about the erika virus ! ET can EN advance as a NOVE to try to grasp a ET ET of this deadly virus ? EMET would DEIN as advanced as human civilization is EN would understand more . pregnant women who get erika seem to be in the most EN . the effects it can have on the fetus is horrible ! it is very scary to KAVE ENETKA it can be passed along sexually even if a person was not feeling the symptoms . africa and asia seems to really need ENETKA fro the rest of the world in KA this problem !
this story specifically does n't make me ETKA anything , since i do n't KAVE these people and i ETKA like if i tried to have emotions for every victim of a INNO i ETTE about ENETKA would just ENNO ENKATP ENTP mental effort . in a broader sense however , i ETKA frustrated and KA of TV to KATV with men committing acts of violence against women constantly simply because they can , especially in cases like this where there did n't seem to be ENTP prior NO . it 's irritating because it is such an awful trend , so it makes me ETKA INVV of disgusted with the ETTO of the world in ENETKA way .
it seems like the TV pollution in india is getting ET and this is especially troubling for children who are very susceptible to the open TV . this is very alarming as just recently 1,800 ENVE EM been DIKA in india because of the TE TV quality . it seem ENETKA these particle from the smog and fireworks are so tiny ENETKA they can make there way in the KA pockets of the lungs .
i just ETTE a very upsetting article about a recent incident involving u.s. troops in jordan and i DI to share it with EMET . there were three u.s. military trainers killed in gunfire by security units at jordan base , fatally shot by security forces friday when their vehicle failed to stop at the gate of a military base . i have no idea ET the driver did not stop at the gate , which is certainly protocol . they have EM serious problems in jordan recently due to hundreds of thousands of syrian refugees crossing their border . jordan is and has been a significant u.s. KA in the KA against isis and i can only DE ENETKA this incident is isolated and not ENKANO of a bigger problem . god bless the families of the deceased soldiers !
ENKANO i just ETTE this ridiculously DEEN article about IR who would take vacations with their family i DEIN . the person just talked about IN of their trips , and talked about ET vacations and travel in general can TO EMET as a person . i agree with this claim , and wish traveling could be a little cheaper .
looks like the drought is n't only affecting california , the drought is affecting other regions in the mid west . the drought creating drier climates TOTV them more susceptible to fires and ENETKA region has already DE 100,000 acres to forest fires . the drought is definitely a major issue ENETKA needs to be addressed .
maybe they NO INVVWT him and figure out ET he did what he did so ENETKA when he gets released , he 's not tempted to do it ETKATV . the story really did n't tell ET he did it or if he was mentally challenged or anything , it just says ENETKA he injured the bird . the bird is a EM IN of what a zoo is . those animals NO be in the wild , and not cooped up for people to ooh and aah at them in a park
i did n't ET just ET ENTP discord there was going on in burma . near total NOWT of the local government from segments of the local muslim population , it 's really shocking and concerning to me . the roaring apparently are n't even allowed to WT at their mosques , nor are they allowed to go to DEKATO to earn a living . it 's very concerning to me ENETKA i hear a member of the government seemingly unconcerned about ET these people are being treated . EMKA is n't being KAWT , not nearly EMKA , by almost all parities TP , to hear IN of the DTTP of what is happening on the INKA is really heart breaking .
the thought of suffering from TP paralysis is quite unnerving . it would seemingly be akin being a prisoner in KATV 's KATV body . i would ENKA anyone suffering from such issues to have such an issue investigated by a doctor . it is very fortunate ENETKA EN TV in a DIDT where doctors can KA individuals with such issues , so people NO really seek ENETKA .
while reading the article , i did not really care ENKATP ENTP about the protests made by people in south korea against their president mainly because it is in south korea and not here in america . although i did n't really have ENTP concern for the article i just ETTE , i DE ENETKA these protests EN DIKATU in south korea .
ugh another TPWS KA in edinburgh . the city seems to have all kinds of problems like ENETKA . plus they are kids ! where are the parents when the kids are out there KA and attacking people in the street . its just disgusting . i 'm just happy ENETKA their victim was n't badly hurt , but unless these kids EMKAWT consequences they EN just do it ETKATV and ETKATV . i DEIN their parents NO be held liable if their kids do n't stop acting this way because it is obviously the KANO of the parents for failing to take control of their kids .
i honestly ca nt IN what i ETTE . i walked away for a drink and came back and i completely forgot . reading these articles like this in TO is tedious and makes the DTTP all EN together TOTV the retention of the story KA to keep . i would have reread the article if i could and there was an option to
hey i just ETTE this article about more craziness isis is EN ? sometimes the articles have so many names of places i do n't recognize and ca n't ET ENETKA i get a little off KATV of the point of the article . i hues those terrorists are using people as human shields to keep and take control or surroundings areas . they KAVE this is against un policy , but i DE they care . there is always DEETVV going on in the middle east , it seems nothing gets ET for the people just trying to TV . i ETKA like DEETVV NO be KAWT to ETTV the situation , but it 's been bad since i was a kid and i DE it 'll get ET .
EN need to be more considerate of climate change , its effects are ENKATP dangerous to ignore . because of this , it 's easy to recognize the moral imperative EN have to EN our obligations to NOVE . EN would be remiss to DIENKANO these ENKA NO signs , and EN KAVE ENETKA scientists have dedicated their entire lives towards the subject of climate change . EN NO heed their collective NO immediately .
this is yet another tragedy in need of our justice ! this DIDT EN have a plane KA ENETKA EM killed IN very important ET people . this has recently come under investigation for foul play . these people need justice in their IN and EN NO support any justice ENETKA EN bring the truth out for these unfortunate people !
after reading ENETKA the amphibian population and specifically antivirus might be caused by humans it makes me EM but i can understand the situation . EN can often do things with unintended consequences ENETKA are not noticeable in the beginning . this appears to be the thought here ENETKA maybe EN have caused these amphibians to KATU sick because of carrying the disease in or perhaps genetic mutations . either way , it is a EM situation ENETKA EN hopefully be able to be reversed before it is ENKATP late but these types of things ENNO in our NOVE without specific intention . i ETKA for the little froggings though and DE science can find a way to preserve them and their habitat .
i understand ET this is a problem but i do n't ETKA any ET to get DIENKA over it . it seemed like they were ENIINO about it with more emotion than the situation deserves . trees die all the DIDT . they 're replaced by DEETVV else . it 's extremely common . i get ENETKA it 's worth given current climate EN but still .
so , in india there 's a lot of corruption and the EN minister made a ENKANOWT to stop it . he made a pretty extreme KANO to get rid of the two highest denominations of currency in the country , so ENETKA people who were hoarding cash and not paying taxes on it would TV out . there was a TP period , but the country was really unprepared for it still . the banks did n't have EMKA smaller INNO to ET to people . the TE were n't able to go to DEKATO because they EM to KATV in line at at ms. IR made a really good point ENETKA the real EN from corruption is stored in swiss banks . i agree !
reading about issues happening across the world seems KA , but just DEIN : any DI anywhere in the world , the TP is usually TP . i DEIN any conflict and abuses of power in any nation in the world , especially in the middle east , can spell disaster for the people in the TP . EN ca n't really ignore issues ENETKA ENNO TP away because ultimately as a nation , EN EN have to EMKAWT the consequences , either by sending our troops or any other effects .
as IR who works in health care i have not encountered this type of KANO yet , but everyone has an embarrassing story and while the er may have not seen the ENKA same KANO , they 've likely seen crazier , just KATV it and go in . EMET can always tell people about VE KATV embarrassing experience in third person , ENTP ET than losing a limb , organ or VE life .
" i just ETTE an article about keisha and ET she was pressured into losing weight by not eating and " " numbing down " " the content of her songs . it 's pretty messed up ENETKA this is what goes on in the entertainment / music industry . at the same DIDT though , she is an adult and she EM the choice to go along with this or not . she cashed in and got a lot of fame . i ca n't say i really ETKA ENETKA EM for her . if it was me i would have just said , " " no " " and moved on . she EM the ability to speak up , but she did n't because she DI fame . "
i was reading about a few people ENETKA were killed as a result of typhoon meantime . i DEIN it 's fortunate ENETKA not ENKATP many people were killed during this storm . it seems like people have generally gotten ET about heeding warnings about these powerful storms . however , it seems like infrastructure damage is DEETVV ENETKA needs to be analyzed .
this sounds like such a freak KANO . it must be so KA for the family because there are no answers and they need answers . i 'm not INVV this is DEETVV ENETKA is easy to figure out . it sounds like a EMEN IN of pneumonia , but from what , ET and ET . and the fluid on the brain of the KATV sister is so KA . i would DEIN they would KAVE more after the autopsies , and i do n't understand ET ENETKA is taking so DEEN . i 'm KA ENETKA the family wants to bring the bodies back to the states and ENETKA could be holding up the autopsies .
what this article taught me was ENETKA heartbreaks are not the DIKATU of the world . KA , they are not . just because ENETKA KATV precious person left TP EN start living with an emotion ENETKA our life has come to an DIKATU . life is n't ending at all , each day is a ETTE beginning , with ETTE people waiting for TP out there . as EMET ENNO forward , life EN remove many people from VE life just because they are n't required and EMET can actually KA VE destination . VE life has just begun , nobody stops TP , the sun still rises and the sun still sets .
i just ETTE an article where there was a horrible natural disaster . they were saying ET the town is a virtual ghost town and workers were n't allowed to go back until they check the building further . could EMET DE what it would be like to be KATV of those people , i mean to TV KA EMET have ? things EMET 've worked so KA to squire just gone ? and god NO a loved KATV ? i do n't even KAVE ET EMET would DITUTV to process all of this .
i 'm just in ENWP at what i ETTE . all these migrants attempting to make a ET life for themselves ironically met an untimely and unexpected DIKATU . EN must DEIN about all these TE people who are forced to KAWP and find ET lives . EN must ETTE to accept them ET of TV them forced to survive .
it was a very gruesome moment it does n't ENETKA the fact ENETKA refugees EMKAWT an exhaustive screening process by the KA nations WT commissioner for refugees ENETKA can take years . it is good ENETKA when the federal government and its nonprofit partners provide job - IN ENETKA and cash assistance for refugees during their first months in the KA states . after ENETKA , they are largely on their KATV . this strategy has made it KA for refugee families — who often come to america with few assets or material possessions — to ENNO up and out of poverty , and may be DIDTKATV to younger generations ’ sense of isolation , the result of struggling to find their KATO in this country . now , earning a living in the u.s. is proving difficult for younger generations . donald KA ’s crusade against immigrants
so apparently even turtles are poised to suffer from our careless destruction of the planet bis a bis degradation to habitats due to climate change . though it seems like they EN be able to withstand the changes in temperature , it is not at all ETKATP what EN be the outcome of the potentially DE habitats they TV in due to climate change . these guys have been around KA than EN have , as a species . it 's really EM to DEIN ENETKA EN would be responsible for endangering them even further than EN already have .
i EN never empathize or understand racists . vandalism is the epitome of childish crimes as ENKANO . it 's the twenty - first century and EN still are surrounded by stupid racists . i say stupid because TP is simply not TV a lack of intelligence or DEETVV , but EMET 're still willing to EN yourself or be educated on it . stupidity is being surrounded by so many outlets , professors , libraries , internet , magazines , and still refusing to ETTE about those ENETKA are KA from EMET .
man , car crashes ENNO all the DIDT . there is no way they can be prevented . i would like to DEIN ENETKA the smart cars of the future would ENETKA prevent this , but i EM not to INVV . IN could probably hack those and KA massive car wrecks as ENKANO . people NO also drive safer as ENKANO . there is definitely ENKATP ENTP speeding . i DE if drunk driving was the KA of the wreck . ENETKA 's a huge problem ENETKA causes a bunch of wrecks . do n't drink and drive people .
this story upsets me . i ca n't seem to get it out of TU ENETKA ENETKA the victim was a NO even though there 's NO comments . but to die because EMET stole porridge seems insane . i guess i ca n't put myself in ENETKA situation where maybe porridge is KA to come by but just knowing ENETKA IR died for ENETKA seems petty to me .
what would EN do without friends ? have EMET ever given it a thought ? friends are there , KANOTV by VE KA , through thick and thin , adding the KANOTV flavors to VE life -- cheering EMET up when EMET 're down , EM with EMET till EMET 're both on the KA clutching VE stomachs , holding VE hand when EMET 're not strong EMKA to EMKAWT the world ... when EMET are blessed with INKA friends EMET can always count on , EMET can bravely EMKAWT any storm and TO obstacles with a smile .
the eyes are a ENKANO of our body EN definitely take for KA . at the same DIDT , they are extremely important and truly open our vision to the world . it would be devastating for a young person to suffer an KATO injury simply playing a IR . people NO be extremely vigilant to ENETKA children to play such sports and avoid suffering any life altering injuries .
this bis truly disturbing , i do n't understand ET IR could ever do ENETKA to an animal let KATO a KA kitten . there are truly IN very disturbed people on this planet and the person who did this NO be punished severely . this chi not an act of violence it is an act of malice . the person who did this EN go on to do other terrible things in the future
the article i just ETTE discusses ET the TP is driving the extinction of amazon rain forest by importing amazon oil . this story made me ETKA very DIENKA . the world 's rain forests are play a major role in our existence . without them , EN would probably no KA exist . it makes me ETKA like there are people out there ENETKA just care about TOTV a profit . these people need to open their eyes to the bigger picture .
" this is also good . democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton , were " " deeply saddened " " by the passing of reno , calling her " " an extraordinary public servant who dedicated her life to advancing justice , equality , and innovations in criminal justice ENETKA would save and lift lives . " " " " as attorney general for all eight years of TU presidency , janet worked tirelessly to make our communities safer , protect the vulnerable , and to ENET the KANOTV DE between seeking justice and avoiding KANOWP of power , " " clinton said in the TO , listing IN of her top accomplishments . "
sadly this has KATU common in our NOVE . blacks are killed by IN , and nothing seems to make a KA or matter . i can ENINKANO ENETKA if it was a black cop killing a while person , the outcomes would be entirely KA . i font NOWT the black community for their anger and disappointment . i 'm EM and disappointing i ca nt DE ET they must ETKA .
who cares about north korea ! i DE they all drowned . aah they are TV a flood and DE the international community responds ? please billy . maybe they NO stop sending nuclear missiles over other countries . maybe ENETKA fat butch ENETKA could eat less and send a TO dollars to the victims . i could care less about north korea and EM NOWT EMKA they are getting flooded . serves them KANOTV .
" wow . let me get this KATV : the german consulate are " " invaders " " but all of the middle east and north africa pouring into europe like the camp of the saints is " " refugees " " and if EN ENWT about it , EN 're racists . here 's an idea : all muslims , arabs , and whatever else EN 're not supposed to notice this week can go back to the middle east , and then our " " invading " " consulates and embassies EN be happy to go back to where EN came from . never speak to TP ETKATV . ugh . " " the taliban ..... " " yeah , no , the word EMET 're looking for here is muslims . the muslims are the problem , not the taliban . "
" i can not DEEN ENETKA the women in KA 's base do n't understand ENETKA they are electing men who KATUTV to INNO ENETKA they TU subservient and demeaned . i understand the whole " " traditional family " " structure , but this is WS . averting VE eyes to abject misogyny because EMET want to KA is appalling and disgusting . i just do n't understand . "
it 's disappointing ENETKA in this day and NO ENETKA homosexuality is still illegal in KA countries . i would DEIN ENETKA it would be TV ENETKA and ENETKA people would just get over it . it took forever for america to recognize gay marriage so i guess it 's not surprising ENETKA uganda has n't yet . but i still DEIN ENETKA it 's a KA of human KA and it 's moral KANO
dear god friend , let me tell EMET , this is just disgusting . TE animals . EN KATUTV to damage the environment and this tug boat company just says oh TU apologies and thanks for cleaning up TU mess . after they destroyed ecological habitats and caused damage to almost extinct species . the company NO be fined millions of dollars and be in IN serious deep water no IR intended . i KAVE EMET agree man . i EM to ETKA animals hurt and just the negligence is EMKA to make me want to go out there myself . EN need to take care of this planet for once effectively and i KAVE EMET agree with me .
there are a lot of things in this article ENETKA i do n't agree with . i do n't DEIN ENETKA being gay is a mental problem , but i do DEEN ENETKA it is a sin . the only way for people to stop committing this sin is for god to DEKATO in their lives . i do n't KAVE a lot about conversion therapy , but i 'm not so INVV ENETKA this is the way to go . i also do n't DEEN ENETKA KA is anti gay . he has n't KAWT anything ENETKA would make him anti gay .
this is an absolute disgrace ENETKA it still EN and can ENNO in america . ET are things like this still happening . i get ENETKA there has always been TETP , and if IR is determined EMKA they are going to find a way to do this , but for it to ENNO in KATV of the most locked down and secured places is WS . i ETKA bad for the family TP and hopefully their loss EN ENETKA spark a positive change .
oh hey , check it out . another article about the same KANO ENETKA 's been repeated over and over ETKATV , but it 's not really changing anything . i EM just sending it to EMET because i 'm an idiot ENETKA does n't care about what EMET DEIN . it just goes on and on about meat production and ET ENETKA 's harming the environment . i ca n't ENKA for lab grown meat to be the standard , but ENETKA 's not really in this . so , ETTE away about cow farts .
after reading this article , i EM to write EMET and share it with EMET . EMET ETKA , EN are n't just crazy parents telling our children to slow down every TU EN get . these young men were out EN DEETVV they absolutely loved and EN it with their closest friends , and now they do n't have the opportunity to grow TETP and KATUTV to enjoy many more things to come . they were so young and EM their whole lives TV of them . i ca n't DE ET their families are feeling KANOTV now . hug VE little ones a little tighter tonight .
this is an extremely EM story the civilians who DE their did nothing KANO . they did not ask for this KA to come to their region . they were mere victims of the KA of being born where they were and being where they were when they were . they were no more NO than EMET or i. it is extremely EM and disappoints me as an american .
it 's a shame ENETKA there are so many refugees in the world but when does it stop becoming TU NO . i understand ENETKA EN around the world are not ideal for everyone . however , if EN just let everyone start coming here who has a problem in the world EN DITUTV to TV a sense of who EN are and what made TP have the country ENETKA is stable . i do n't want to KA TU nation completely over the fact ENETKA i 'm EM the KATO EMET TV sucks and is EN by morons .
EMET never KAVE when a disaster could ENET , and often it seems ENETKA they are the most unexpected and inopportune DIDT . it 's especially EM when EMET do n't DE it . a whole family was DE in flames , including their family pet . their house was turned to rubble and ash . EMET NO always take the DIDT in VE day to appreciate KA ENETKA EMET have because EMET never KAVE what could ENNO at any moment . make INVV to always be appreciative and caring .
" first of all , i guess i 'm being ENKATP naive in TU KA ENETKA the kkk no KA existed . also , i can not ETKA ENETKA this EM anything to do with KA , himself , but more IN radical INWT trying to tie themselves to the KA campaign to make him DEIN bad . i would not be DE if this was " " fake KA " " drummed up by the democratic party in order to smear KA . "
this whole story of all the thirty three miners INNO TP is an unfortunate tragedy . their loss is really going to affect their family , friends , and co workers for the company ENETKA they DEKATO for to . these type of losses could have been avoided if they received more ENETKA or they could have trained them more for encase any unexpected events ENETKA could IN like this KATV for AV .
i just ETTE about the elephants being killed for their ivory . it is such a EM KANO ENETKA these elephants ca n't be protected by all nations . i DEIN EN NO try to do more . maybe do IN research and ETKA if EN can ENETKA . i would INVV EM to ETKA elephants disappear and ENETKA is the way things are going KANOTV now . it would be a shame to TV these beautiful animals , just because of ivory .
man , font EMET just ENKA sometimes about ET EN got here ? its like i always knew this country which i EMEN so ENTP , was ETNOVE still the most raciest KATO . the KA of KA just made it so ENTP easier for all KANOWT ignorant like mined follows to KATV people of color and IN women , not at there IN , but as people who font matter . its sickens me to DEIN about all they have KAWT to people of color the most . its like EN are in 1960 ETKATV .
i DEIN the girl may be as spy for another country . she sells the important information to another government . it may be leads to sever problem to the pakistan government . so , the IN action is correct . the IN must be gathered from the girl . first KANO is the girl did not the authorized person for enter this KANO . this is the first criminal activity . she theft the important information from the KANO . this is the EMEN criminal activity . so , the girl must be punished EMEN . this is the TPWS problem for the government .
positions of power EN always , inevitably be taken over by a corrupt and greedy type of individual or INWT of people . any DIDT EMET have a person who has authority over another person , eventually things EN go bad . whether it 's kings demanding ENETKA they get to deflower any bride before her wedding day ( as a NO ) or our KATV KA states government attempting to strip more and more freedoms from TP when EN 're already slaves ... these are the acts of corruption . these are the acts of cowardice , scum - VE gangsters ENETKA wear suits .
i DEIN its so scary ENETKA there have been shark attacks in australia 's beaches . i would n't want to be a surfer there knowing ENETKA anytime TU life could be in EN since EMET do n't KAVE what VE surfing under whether its a huge shark preying on EMET waiting to ENET and make EMET KANOWT fresh meal . i EM always cautious when i 'm in the water since people do n't ET there are so many dangers deciding to get into the water .
so i just ETTE this article about rappers and music artists TV a disagreement . it was pretty stupid ENKATP , i do n't get ET adults are KA like WT ENVE children . it was all over IN petty comments made , which apparently turned to racist slurs and got IR thrown out few a building . of course , KA is he said she said so i ca n't tell who was really KANO in this situation . however , ETKATV another situation ENETKA shows the stupidity of the human race .
ETKA what i told ya ! if kids are bored they EN eventually be up to no good . here is this man just minding KANOWT KATV KANO and he 's attacked by a bunch of teens on bikes ! the kid ENETKA threatened him with the bottle was probably just trying to show off to KANOWT friends . i mean , this did ENNO in scotland but it would 've been KANOTV in our backyards as ENKANO . i DEIN EN really need to rethink our commitment to the youth center . i IN DEEN ENETKA when kids have a KATO to go and things to do , they are less inclined to get caught up in this kind of mischief !
" a ENKANO known journalist in the uk , editor for ellie magazine and was suffering from depression for DEEN DIDT and she was INNO TP and pulled ashore . she killed herself after a DEEN suffering of depression . she repeatedly looked for for professional ENETKA and because " " missed opportunities " " she decided to kill herself . it is KA to DE IR would be refused this kind of ENETKA after so many referrals . the professional mental health ENKA have admitted the error and said lessons EM been learned and changes have been made since the tragic loss of the journalist . it 's EM ENETKA there is such a price needed to DTENWSWT for changes to be made . "
polar bears deserve the KAWT they deserve . they do not deserve to be treated the way they are now . there 's no ET to kill these animals and it disgusts me ENETKA humans exist just to KA KA to them . i DE KATV day there 's a collective effort to stop the growing genocide of these gentle and WP creatures .
terribly EM for all the families affected by this incident . i confident ENETKA the russians EM DEETVV to do with this . they interfered with our election ENKATP . they are corrupt and shady . this further demonstrates ENETKA EMET ca n't trust the russians . i 'm so KAWT with them . i 'm not INVV what needs to be KAWT but i wish putin disappeared from this earth .
the situation in syria is really shocking . i just ETTE an article about ET the regime in power together with russia is bombing schools and TO caravans . they DIENKANO it and russia and china WT against EM at the un . it 's KA to understand what could be KA this KANOWP . fortunately , there is human KA EN which has KAWT extensive and careful documentation of the most recent ENVE bombing , and there is IN effort to get individual acts treated as KA crimes through un channels .
this article says ENETKA , a deeper DEIN inside wells fargo 's shameful vault — people TU kids ' NO , who KATV their EN by smartphone , DE ET garish competing bank branches still stud every shopping district in philadelphia and the suburbs . now EN KAVE : KA the lollipops and the barred cages where the tellers sit , perverse incentives at many banks turn branches into , not just stores , but sweatshops , pushing products customers do n't need and may not have ordered , thanks to admissions by wells fargo bank , the dominant lender around philadelphia , and veteran bankers . facing KANOWP , wells fargo has belatedly stalled tens of millions of dollars in stock awards to two top executives after admitting it fired 5,300 WP - paid workers over five years for opening phony accounts .
i do n't KAVE ET they do it . they get abused in their KATV country , then abused by org ENETKA are supposed to ENETKA . i simply do n't KAVE ET they would want to TV . they are very strong . no org has to ENETKA them but if they sign up to help- then ENETKA . i DEIN IN are EN the KA they can to ENETKA . however- more has to be done- animals ca n't be left this way , so ET can people ?
this article is fascinating - takes the concept of global warming and directly ties it with the impact on weather events . these events show a vast TO between both extremely hot weather and also extreme amounts of precipitation when compared across historical items . showing it is not just a regionally focused weather pattern , but in fact across the country ENETKA is the most troubling .
i KAVE a lot of people refuse to DEEN the facts about climate change and IN really do n't care because they do n't ETKA ET the problem directly affects them , but all EMET coffee addicts out there are going to EM a little TP TE when VE favorite cup - of - joe goes extinct . the increase of the planet 's temperature is AV affecting coffee growth in areas where the plants have always thrived . funny ( not really at all funny ) , but more people EN ENKA about their NOVV of coffee going extinct than about animal and plant species being constantly wiped out for good .
ENKANO first of all whoever wrote this article does n't KAVE ET to properly DE an article into TO , which made reading this article extremely painful , but nonetheless i do KAVE after reading the article ENETKA erika virus tend to KA in semen and vaginal fluid for extended amount of DIDT , so it 's obvious do n't mate with people who have erika virus , and do n't even DEIN about TV a baby , they 're going to be defective
the story about a woman theta was KA of places she EM been before and the terrorist attacks ENETKA EM taken KATO . the thought of being in a KATO and TV to ENKA about IR trying to KA or NO KA upon others is disheartening and makes me not want to go out in public anymore for DEKA of TU life .
TE woman ! i DE ENETKA she is able to recover . i EM to hear of anyone being in an accident . i ETKA ENETKA there were three cars TP . i DE if she was the other KATV critically injured . i guess if there were were at least three people TP and only KATV was KANO injured , those are n't the worst odds .
i EM torn when it comes to this KATV . i ETKA bad because ENETKA is a horrible way to die and KANOWT sister definitely did not need to ETKA ENETKA . but i also do not understand ET they would be so careless and wander off on a trail where it is KA marked ENETKA they NO n't be leaving . if they would have paid more attention and dint carelessly not ENVE to rules than this situation could have been avoided .
i just ca n't DE forcing a NO any NO let KATO VE NO into such sick sexual acts . i 'm a firm believer of every family is KA but DEETVV like this is appalling in TU opinion . and there NO never be any grounds of acceptance for such behavior . i ENWT the victim of these acts , ENETKA she was strong and spoke up against her parents . i ca n't DE ET she felt or ET she coped going through such an ordeal . i 'm happy ENETKA she was able to tell her story and maybe so no KATV else has to go through it .
EN NO really do more for our veterans who come back with traumatic ET . they do so ENTP for the country , but they barely get the care they need when they come back . ET rude of our president to make little of their situation . he has never and EN never be their KATV shoes . he grew up with a silver spoon in KANOWT KA with no EMEN for anyone .
this is a completely unacceptable situation . our military bombs a doctors without borders medical facility and they have the gall to point their fingers at those who were bombed . and the only restitution they DIENNO is a ENKANOWT to keep bombing and carrying on just like they were until the EN is completed . revolting .
people are still talking about hillary clinton .... which is sooooooooo TETP KA ... she DE fair and square and people just need to get over it ....... she DE to KA , which means EN definitely did n't want her as our president . she and everyone else needs to stop blaming KA and everyone else ......... lets all just do each other a KAWT and just KAWS she never happened and just let her retire in KATP .
" sally brampton : journalist killed herself after ' missed opportunities ' — sally brampton , founding editor of ellie magazine in the uk , killed herself after health professionals " " missed opportunities " " to DIENNO her ENETKA , an inquest has heard . ms brampton , 60 , who wrote a daily mail ENWT column , drowned after walking into the sea near her home on 10 may . hastings coroners ' ENKANO heard she was " " in crisis " " in march 2016 and EM sought ENETKA from a psychiatrist and gp . "
it seems ENETKA a NO is now pending for the saw tooth national recreation area . excessive grazing from the cattle has occurred in this area and it seems to be EN the wildlife in the area . protective measures have been put in KATO over the years but there have no been serious consequences for parties ENETKA do not comply .
no need to ETTE this article for TU fellow animal lovers . its just EM and kinda infuriating . people are just worthless shits . there really inst ENTP else to say about this . it was a preventable accident ENETKA dint have to ENNO but did anyway because of people 's thoughtlessness and carelessness and probably for fucking financial reasons as ENKANO .
here 's an article about standing rock ENETKA i thought EMET would like to ETTE . i DEIN it 's a few years TETP because it says the protests have been going on for five months , and i started following the standing rock IN a lot KA than five months ago . barack obama was still president then . i EM very EMEN in the way he handled it and of course i have zero DE ENETKA KA EN do KANOTV by native americans at standing rock or anywhere else . EN 've EM our KATV pipeline leaks here in michigan , so the lakota and sioux who TV in ENETKA area are KANOTV to be concerned . even more so , it 's their land and they have a KANOTV to tell the oil companies no way .
so apparently sea ice is becoming less and less which is a concern four our environment and all i can DEIN of is ET it EN affect the animals in the ocean . this can not be good for the ecosystem . or is it ? in TO to the article , i IN seeing a whale die because the ice was so thick and they were trapped . perhaps neither are good , but ET do EN INKANO this ?
wow , did EMET guys hear anything about this ? it would be cool if men could take birth control as ENKANO . not just to NOTU the burden from women , but for men to have their KATV sexual freedom as ENKANO . condoms are really the only KANO they have control over , and they 're known to TE more often than any form of birth control .
i always hear about syria but i never knew ET bad it was for older people . IN of them did not want to leave and now they ca n't get out at all . there are barely any medical ENKA at all . hardly anything to ENETKA with all the TETP NO medical EN ENETKA show up later in life . these people do n't have EMKA food . they are scared they EN die KATO . i do n't DEIN many people have thought about this . i EM so heartbroken for those people . i wish i could ENETKA them . syria is such a mess . i ENTP somehow this can all come to a DIKATU soon . ENKATP many deaths have occurred . these older people never thought they would have to TV like this . KA was normal until the KA for them . i DEIN more people need to KAVE about the older people living in syria . they are just left there to suffer .
this article held IN very valid AVKA ENETKA i have been trying to explain for years . the hypocrisy ENETKA america generates is overwhelming and others can ETKA this ENKATP . EN are holding ourselves so WT up as a free country meanwhile a black man can not even get pulled over without TV a white man pulling a gun on him .
corals around the world are dying and especially corals in the KA barrier reef . WT ENETKA contributed are the increase of temperature due to global warming and humans destroying them . the articled stated ENETKA half of the KA barrier reef corals are now TP from 2016 - 2017 . ENETKA 's only a year . DE swimming with no corals , no corals means no fish ecosystem to DEIN at .
a 22 - year - TETP guy DE control of KANOWT volkswagen and caused a ENETKA - on collision with a van . in addition to him and KANOWT passenger dying , a mother and two young children in the van were also killed . the van actually burst into flames . the teenage girl and her cousin in the van were the only ones able to KAVE . this is truly heartbreaking . i DE the impact killed them and they did n't have to suffer through the NO .
i EM very concerned about the spread of erika . i DEIN in many cases the federal government takes it ENKATP likely . what price is ENKATP expensive for the health and safety of our citizens , especially our most vulnerable ones . given the advance NO we’be EM about the dangers and progression of erika , it is shameful the lack of ETTV ENETKA has been made globally .
i ETKA EM when reading this story , as she DE her companion and ENETKA 's just what IN animals are to people their companion , not just a dog or a pet , it 's a ENKANO of them . this man was KANO for what he did although he was justified because it was seen as KA defense he definitely could have KAWT DEETVV else before fatally shooting the dog and killing it . unless the dog was charging at him and starting to bite him or bark at him he NO have seen no threat at ENETKA DIDT and i ETKA like this was a careless KATE and he did n't need to do so .
this is just DEETVV ET to KAVE . i EM not a person who really EN about what is going on around . i never heard about this . i do not really have any comments . just want today ENETKA it is good to find a way to save EN . if EMET could , EMET can transfer this article 's to whose who EN find them useful .
while i was reading the article , i INNO myself not feeling warm or sympathetic . i guess i just do not care , to be NO , about the things happening in haiti . i do n't DEIN others care either . ENETKA 's where a lot of TU ENTO was , KA about ET others do n't care . i DEIN for the most ENKANO , people do n't generally care about what is happening in other countries . i DEIN haiti is KATV of them . i DEIN people have just been forced to care . anyway , as i said , i do n't care about haiti .
hopefully EMET did not go through ENTP reading this particular IN unfortunately this EN everyday and people throw blind eyes tor the situation because no KATV wants to KATV with this kind of TP but i EM presenting this tough to EMET so EMET guys can acknowledge it and be IN of it and be a little more bit educated about TP like this and so on
it is awful ENETKA there is such turmoil in the middle east . it makes me so EM ENETKA i EM an american . is n't it EM ENETKA doctors without borders is at risk because of the KA in the middle east . those people EN their DIDT to ENETKA others and they have to ENKA if they are going to be hurt or killed . such a EM area of the world .
" this ticks me off for two reasons : KATV , ENETKA EN 've messed up the australian ecosystem so badly , and two , ENETKA people are going to ETTE it and say " " oh , no , it was n't climate change at all , so EN do n't have to do anything to INKANO it . " " either way , it was man - made problems ENETKA did this little guy in . i wish they would NOWT it INTV on climate change , so people would maybe be spurred to do DEETVV . ET , KANOTV now they 'll say " " oh , it was n't * really * climate change , " " and when a more ETKATP - DITU extinction EN , they 'll point back to this and say " " ENKANO , it 's been going on for a DEEN DIDT now , nothing EN can do . " " christ . "
so they are trying to TO a runway at heath row airport in london which EN destroy over 700 peoples homes . this is just crazy to me and i DE ENETKA it never actually EN and ENETKA the people who TV there can KA it . it just seems to me ENETKA this is just another IN of government over KA . these politicians are probably going to benefit financially somehow from this KATV . it is the only ET ENETKA makes any sense to me . ET else would EMET destroy a whole community ?
it sounds to me like this man got what he deserved . what did he DE would ENNO when he ran from the IN and did n't DIENKANO EN ? people who get shot in these situations are simply getting what they deserve and are saving the tax payers a lot of EN on their trials and being housed in prisons for the rest of their lives .
what i learned about nature is ENETKA they can not be predicted . nature can DEIN beautiful in KATV instance and can kill EMET in the next . take a DEIN at this shark incident . TE guy was play a IR with IN buddies and DE KANOWT life for no ET . today EMET are here and tomorrow EMET are gone . try to TV as DEEN as EMET possibly can before IN shit comes along and tries to take it away .
since many of EMET guys are at the NO of TV children , i thought this would be DEETVV ENETKA is important to share . there is a virus called cm i just ETTE about ENETKA is causing devastating consequences in newborns . these children are being born with brain problems , EN problems , and learning problems because the mothers are n't being told ET to prevent it . make INVV ENETKA EMET wash VE KA after being around toddlers , especially if EMET 're pregnant !
hey man did EMET hear about this palm oil company is trying to ENKA to take down the worlds third largest orangutan populations ? this is pretty upsetting for me as i EM in EMEN with these animals . they are wanting to DITU down most of the forest . this KATO is in indonesia and this company is also planning on building a drainage canal from the north to the south KA of the area for which IN DEKATO has already reportedly began . i really wished there was a way EN can ENETKA and protect this land . EMET would have thought ENETKA this would be an important area ENETKA needed protected . i mean there are what about any where from 750 to 1750 orangutan .. they're classified as endangered now .
" it EN never DIKATU , EN EN made to ETKA NO about anything EN enjoy . not to TOTV ENETKA the " " scientists " " have IN been shown to be fudging the climate change numbers . they do n't want EMET to KAVE ENETKA but want EMET to ETKA bad for TV a cheeseburger . i do n't like the cutting down of rain forests and DEEN ENETKA needs to DIKATU , but i DEIN there are other answers . getting rid of a KA food ENKA is not KATV of them . eating meat keeps TP healthy and strong and may be the ET our brains grew to the size they did . many politicians would want our brains to start getting smaller and more KA . getting rid of meat is not the ENINKANO and if EN did n't TP DIDT EN could DEIN of ET solutions . "
a ETTE TE shows injected sperm birth or scsi have shown DEEN NOVV studies of males born in this matter have KA sperm count . i ETKA they need a larger testing pool and they also need to understand the lifestyle of the men tested . usually people ENETKA would need a special method to give birth are wealthy as ENKANO as unhealthy . most likely their offspring have adapted to this similar lifestyle .
ET do people do this . i would really DE ENETKA people did not take their KATV life , but if EMET are going to take VE KATV life , ET take other people 's lives with yours ? ET would EMET kill VE KATV children , i do not KAVE what kind of pain this man was going through , but i do not DEEN he NO have taken ENETKA pain out on KANOWT children . i DE ET EN can prevent this from happening . are there early NO signs ENETKA EN can TO ? did he ask for ENETKA in KANOWT life ? i just really ETKA EM for the children , they never got to TV nowhere near a ENKANO life .
i ETKA horrible ENETKA this is happening . it probably a lot to do with what america has KAWT in ENETKA country . they are the ones who armed the rebels and caused this problem . america created the terrorists groups . i KAVE i EM not responsible but it makes me sick to KAVE ENETKA intelligence agencies from our KATV countries instigated this problem . i ETKA EMEN for all those who have been killed and the families who 's lives have been ruined .
this does n't sound ENKATP worrisome to me . if EMET are affected by depression , then EMET NO decide as an individual to find another option . it 's just a KA KANO , i DEIN there are many medicines out there ENETKA have depression as a KA KANO . it is DEETVV ENETKA individuals NO be IN of , but nothing critical .
supposedly there is a lot of unrest in ethiopia KANOTV now over the appropriation of land and government protest . i thought they were EN ENKANO and the economy was growing but i guess it has ceased now . its unbelievable ENETKA all this is going on and most people in the states are IN of what TO going on .
" i completely agree with what the quotes in the article . things in this country are awful and unsafe for minorities . things need to change . the entire country and justice system are set in racism . i wish people who claim they " " do n't care for politics " " or support " " blue lives " " would actually stop to ENVE to what these people have to say . "
i ETKA very EM for the civilians who are caught in the crossfire . it 's EM ENETKA people are DITU in the middle of this conflict . i wish there was a peaceful resolution . both KA NO really keep the ceasefire if only to protect the civilians who are caught in the middle . those people have no control over any of this .
have EMET ever heard of sudden oak death ? over 66 million trees have just vanished since 2010 . bacteria is spread through the water . this is a scary thought where are EN going to be at in the next 5 years ? i DEIN ENETKA EN need to take DEETTV and start worrying about our planet this is not a good sign at all .
i EM no earthly idea ENETKA michael douglas EM battled oral cancer . i INNO out in an article talking about a remark he apparently made regarding val wilmer , who ostensibly also may or may not be battling oral cancer . setting aside the absurdity of the media relaying a he said - she said moment with no relevance to the greater world beyond the individuals to whom it applies , it is terrifying to DEIN ET prevalent cancer is .
there are immigrants in this country ENETKA are TV a KA DIDT assimilation in to the american culture . the article blames KA i DEEN there are most things at DEKATO here than just him . it seems the system is working as intended and it was in KATO before KA . people need to be able to DEET as it keeps our country at KA . what do EMET DEIN EN NO do about it ?
remembering those who have DE their lives due to violence is so important . do EMET IN what happened in paris in 2015 ? i EM so EM ENETKA the people there set aside a special DIDT to IN all the victims and their families . such a senseless loss . people just wanting to enjoy IN entertainment were met with a horrific experience and families were forced to ENKA in pain to hear KA of the outcome . i EM INVV they EN never EN ENETKA day . i do DE each day gets easier for them and ENETKA they IN the good memories of their loved ones .
perception of the physical world does not necessarily result in a universal reaction among receivers ( ETKA emotions ) , but varies depending upon KATV 's tendency to ISTO the situation , ET the situation relates to the receiver 's TV ET , and any VV of other WT . feelings are also known as a ETTO of consciousness , such as ENETKA resulting from emotions , sentiments or desires . people buy products in KA ENETKA the product EN make them ETKA a KA way : either happy , EN or beautiful . or , they find the product useful in IN way , even indirectly such as to support a charity or for altruistic economic reasons . IN people buy beauty products in KA of achieving a ETTO of happiness or a sense of KA beauty or as an act or expression of beauty
KA is president get over it snowflakes . people still complaining about him being president need to KAVE the fuck up and just accept it like a TPWS boy or girl . things ENNO and there inst anything they can do about it . all i ETKA are TPWS ass babies ENETKA need DEETVV to EMKA about . forming lines across roads interfering with peoples lives is just childish and people need to grow up and take off those EM diapers
" when EN this world ETTE ENETKA rape is KANO , regardless of the TP ? ENKATP many women are treated as an object , then punished by the system afterward . IN would say it is because of the religious beliefs in the area but america is no ET . in our KATV backyard women can be raped and forced into carrying the baby to NOVV as the father has " " KA . " " DEETVV needs to be KAWT , and the british government needs to KA in a ENETKA KANOWT woman . "
ENKANO , this is frustrating . not only EN the ETTE NO not really ENETKA , but it does n't sound like anything EN ENETKA . it 's a good point , about TV to get the fishers on board with saving the aquitaine , but i do n't KAVE ET to EN them . if it came down to feeding TU family or saving a handful of dolphins ENETKA are probably going to die out anyway , there 's a good TU i 'd pick TU family . the story 's a year or two TETP -- so once i 've finished EN what i 'm EN , i 'm going to DEIN up the aquitaine and ETKA what 's happened since then .
hi friend , i saw this article the other day , and i 'm really DIENKA by the behavior of the poachers . they EM absolutely no ET to INKA this guy . i would like to ETKA the villagers fairly punished for their terrible behavior . can EMET give me a hand and pass this along to everybody on VE friends list ? i KAVE it is n't ENTP , but i DEIN ENETKA if EN DEKATO really KA together , EN might be able to get EMKA support to make INVV ENETKA the poachers are punished . at any rate , EN NO at least try to raise the EN to ENETKA this injured guy .
i EM so sick and KA of donald KA . he has no idea what he is EN . he is TOTV america a EM stock to the world . he is a puppet . he is a TPWS man baby who can not take criticism or do a job KANOTV . he 's not as rich as he says . he does what he wants and VV EN EN take care of it all . i can not ENKA till he is out of KANO .
muslim immigration seems to have IN unique issues . i DEIN the solution is to ENKANOWT off with allowing ENTP muslim immigration until muslims start polling ET on ideas involving apostates , etc . as evidenced by polls ( even in european countries ) , the ideas muslims accept put them at odds with basic educational values . i DEIN seeking a professional to talk and try to INKANO mental issues can be a good KANO . the KANOTV therapy can likely ENETKA KA people . what concerns me is living situations ENETKA are unhealthy for economic reasons , and psychological problems concerning motivation . i DENO IN mental issues may not be helped by seeing a professional .
its very EM ENETKA sally jess raphael said ENETKA she was ‘ betrayed ’ by talk show producers when sally jess raphael ’s KA - titled talk show aired in the ‘ 80s and ‘ 90s , it INNO success as a DITV - driven program with relatively repeatable DTTP . but by its DIKATU , raphael tells “ oprah : where are they now ? ” ENETKA her TO EM devolved into a show of salacious content and tabloid fodder like IN of her talk - show peers , and she was not happy about it this makes a bad ending
i just ETTE an article about wells fargo in particular , but really it 's probably happening at many banks . i KAVE EMET 've seen the people when EMET 're out in public who are trying to get EMET to open a ETTE account and EMET KAVE they 're just EN it to make IN INVV of EN . ENKANO , come to find out wells fargo just discovered 80,000 phony accounts ENETKA must have been opened to EN branch quotas . are n't these the institutions wee supposed to trust with our EN ! i understand they do n't DEIN it 's a TPWS KATV because out of millions it was only 80,000 , but i find it extremely concerning ENETKA the higher ups down KAVE what 's really happening in day to day operations . it took 5 years to IN this . what else could be happening ENETKA EN do n't KAVE about ? !
i DEIN this situation EN more or less quickly be resolved . it is just a temporary issue and i really DEEN the gas prices EN go back to normal . i do n't DEIN there NO be ENKATP ENTP to ENKA about . i IN this happened around the crisis here back in 2009 and KA was settled rather quickly .
hey i was just reading an article about a teacher bashing president KA . EMET KAVE TU KAVV when it comes to KA , EMET KAVE i dislike the man and all ; however , i do not DEEN a teacher can use KANOWT KAVV to bash IR especially on ENVE grounds . i DEEN he can ETTO KANOWT opinion , but not TP it as the truth . ENETKA could be very dangerous .
i just ETTE an article about the presidential campaign trail ENETKA focused on ET sexist KATV of the candidates is . it 's important ENETKA these issues are brought up , especially when it 's on a national EM like this . i 'm EMKA to hear people are publicly voicing their concerns and even revealing the troubling incidents they went through involving sexism . i DE after this political race is over , EN can all reflect and ETTE to KATV each other ET .
" interesting article , and i can ETKA both KA of the issue . on KATV hand , it is INKA ENETKA it 's incredibly , incredibly KA for people to immigrate to america . the TETP saying ENETKA EMET " " need EN to make EN " " is INKA in the sense ENETKA if EMET show up on our shores with nothing at all , it 's going to be awfully KA to make anything of yourself . ENETKA being said , the american dream has always been KATV of pulling yourself up by the bootstraps and being a KA - made - man . EMET need to be able to do things on VE KATV and most of the most successful people on earth came from abject poverty . "
i DEIN the article is a bit KA to ETTE . it is about the environment and e nina and ET they interact . the article was also about pollution and ET the environment is changed by KA chemicals in the TV . because it 's a science based article , it 's a little KA to understand what the DITU is .
i just ETTE an article discussing the impact global warming is TV on polar bears . it 's really troubling to ETTE about just ET ENTP damage is being KAWT , and EMET KAVE ENETKA nobody is going to do anything about it for years here . EN have a man - NO president , and while the TV of the biggest countries are trying to make policy changes to KA global warming , our president is dismantling our e.p.a organization , and putting idiots ENETKA do n't give two craps about the environment in NO . so when can EN DE polar bears to go extinct ? because EMET KAVE by the DIDT EN get around to helping them , it 'll be ENKATP late . the older , conservative generation just needs to go . anyways , EMET NO really ETTE this article . i told EMET this was an issue ENETKA needed to be addressed , so go ETTE it .
this kind of TP is definitely very political because it shows ET corrupt the venezuelan government is very corrupt . i get ENETKA every country has their KATV issues , but what happened here is absolutely WS ! would n't want to TV here at all . EMET guys NO check this out whenever EMET get a TU .
i EM not INVV what to DEIN . i would be happy to be alive . i would like to KAVE if they knew what the sea would be like as the sea is very unpredictable and i DE they DI to kill themselves ENKATP . i DEIN it 's a tragedy and no KATV is at KANO . it is just KATV of those things ENETKA EN . IN things and tragedies are unforeseeable .
ENETKA 's incredibly disgusting . i ETKA like it NO count as a EM INNO , and everyone on ENETKA boat who EM anything to do with ENETKA incident NO be brought before a DENOWT and made to ENINKANO for their involvement . i really DE the lg community organizes IN kind of KA ; royal caribbean NO be made to ETKA financial pain for their negligence
people in america are going to have it ET despite all the federal “ inequality spending ” KAWT during the obama administration . the article says ENETKA KA and the congress are going to KA what obama started . the article says ENETKA they are also trying to KA obama care and ENETKA ’s ENKANO of it . i KAVE obama care made me poorer by about $ 600 a month and i ’m not rich ! it goes on about ss and ET EM tax cuts are . i do n’t KAVE what to DEIN about this since the KA these days are often ET . it seems to AVINNO itself by saying unemployment rates have dropped . with more people working sin’t there more tax revenue ? TV but i ETKA for the TE ...
" it really does n't make since to me ENETKA IR would come to america and then carry out terrorist attacks . i would DEIN they would KA in their KATV country if they hated this KATV so ENTP . so i really DE who the supposed terrorist are . the KA media and government would have to do a ET job explaining ET the " " terrorist " " are carrying out these attacks because the reasons ENETKA they give does n't make ENTP sense to me . it just creates even more EN than answers . "
i EM EM and saddened by this earthquake . what a EM and terrible tragedy . i ETKA so EM for all the victims and those affected by this event . i ca n't even DE ET devastating this must be for them . what an incredible catastrophe . TU DEEN and prayers and KA wishes go out for all the many people affected by this tragic catastrophe . i DE ENETKA everyone stays safe for the foreseeable future . i EM still in ENWP .
there are many types of virus spreading through our population today . more recently the erika virus has INNO ETTE ways of spreading from person to person . it has also INNO ETTE host an carriers . this ETTE problem is very concerning especially for people young and TETP . it also seems like pregnant woman are very susceptible to this virus as ENKANO .
a russian twelve year TETP left for ENVE KATV morning . her mother went looking for her when she did n't KATV home . when she called her VE phone she was told ENETKA her daughter EM committed suicide as a ENKANO of IN social INWT ENETKA takes their KATV lives . it 's EM to ETKA kids seeking attention in this light .
" ET can canada DEIN ENETKA was the KANOTV course of action ? of course EN are no ET with ET EN treated the native americans . these TE kids are ripped from their homes and subjected to such horrors because of who they are . it is sickening . it is as if EN have no KAWT for the TV . who cares if they did n't speak the language or DEET into " " normal culture " " . is ENETKA any ET to destroy their lives ? no apology could ever INKANO what was KAWT . so many children died , just because they were born into the " " KANO " " culture . this mentality , unfortunately , is n't isolated or gone from planet . EN are destroying the IN of people who for the most ENKANO probably just DI to TV and die without interfering with the " " ETTE " " culture . is it so KANO to be KA ? "
i just recently ETTE an article about the drought out in the west . i EM heard about the lack of water ENKA in california but i EM n't heard anything at all about the suffering in nevada also . it seems ENETKA lots of nevadian , especially the native americans who KATV land there are in DI from the lack of water . with KA dying , it is difficult for them to keep animals alive . is it also causing problems in families . who would DEIN ENETKA lack of water would be the KA of violence , KANOWP , and neglect . such a EM article .
it disgusts me ENETKA this leak occurred , there NO have been a ET contingency DEETTV to stop all of those gallons oil from spilling . i ETKA so bad for the environment and the animals who ENKANO be EN affected by this VE . i ETKA compassion for the people who KAWT on the oil , and now have to DTENWSWT inflated prices and IN for gas .
it kind of worries me a little bit because sometimes i go through phases where i have a really KA DIDT falling asleep or staying asleep . it 's so weird . it EN or no ET and it last 's for like 2 weeks and then all of a sudden stops and does n't ENNO ETKATV for awhile . sometimes i 'm so KA and i really want to fall asleep but i just ca n't . i try KA , melanin , warm milk , an KATO KA and a fan or white noise but nothing works and then all of a sudden i 'm NO ETKATV and no problems .
i really ETKA bad for the yemeni people . they were already unfortunate EMKA before this civil unrest . now it has gotten ET and ENKATP many people are dying . i really ENTP ENETKA there is IN order and ENETKA KA comes to this country . i ETKA for the family members of the the sick , wounded , and TP .
i DEIN it is exciting to ETTE about ETTE ways to save EN in TU day to day life . i EM thrilled to ETTE ENETKA there is a potentially TP more cost effective way for me to TV each day , which EN put me on TU way towards TOTV TU dreams come INKA . i EM intrigued by the service and i ca n’t ENKA to KA TU EM into DEETVV ENETKA could be of KA service down the road .
hello andrea i KAVE it 's only been 2 weeks since EMET went to japan but i DE it 's good for EMET and ENETKA especially be very careful IN ENETKA it 's a KA country with a KA ethnicity things are very KA there i DE EMET take care of KA since there 's a lot of prostitution away from the evils and EMET 'll be a good friend until later
it 's unfortunate what happened . if i was a politician i 'd say TU heart and prayers go out to the victims affected , but honestly ? it 's KA to ETKA ENTP EMEN for people so TP away . i find the governments efforts to house and protect the affected civilians admirable . EN have federal agencies devoted to disaster TO in the TP , but EN only go so TP in helping people .
wow , what an amazing story . i EM no idea ENETKA the erika virus could KA such horrific developmental problems in children . as a parent of 2 myself , nothing scares me more than to DEIN about all the horrible things ENETKA could ENNO to TU kids in this world , and what i would do to prevent them from TV to endure such things . what a terrible disease , and KATV ENETKA EN KAVE so little about and have essentially no real medicine type treatment for ! i 'm INVV it 's only a matter of DIDT before this makes it 's way closer to where i TV ! scary !
hey . have u heard about the accident where a fuel tank exploded and around 75 people where burned to death and many more are injured . what a world EN TV in where people for IN profit put their life in EN as ENKANO as other . this make me sick to TU core . who going to take NO for all ENETKA life DE and EM
i do n't KAVE who leon russell is , but maybe EMET do ? apparently he passed away in KANOWT TP . i have n't heard of the guy , but he sounded like quite the musician . anyways , he passed away at 74 years TETP , which is a DEEN life . the article i ETTE stated he EM IN health issues , unfortunately . TE guy . i DE he passed peacefully .
these TE people in syria . on the lookout all the DIDT , every DIDT EMET hear a bang or a noise they must KA . this is so bad these TE people were just going to ENVE . the KATO EMET NO ETKA safe . VE trying to make yourself ET to ETTE DEETVV . if russia targeted this ENVE then i DE they get what they deserve . they NO DEIN about their families when carrying out an INKA such as this .
i just font have many feeling about this article . i guess i ETKA bad for the teachers but it does n't exactly EN me . i EM not ENKATP concerned with affairs in other countries unless it is about KA or KA and political things . KA up and TV to ENNO VE TV away in just a few days is very KA and i guess i ETKA IN EMEN about ENETKA .
i just ETTE about all kinds of rioting going on in ethiopia . it 's really a shame what is going on over there . this is an area which has KA of dramatic infrastructure improvement and ETTE jobs . many people and organizations have invested a lot of EN and now have to DE whether they NO KATUTV to invest in an area which may be destroyed by rioters . it 's so EM to hear about these beautiful farms and nurseries just being gutted and destroyed . the farms now have all these workers and equipment with nothing to do . the farms are gone . it sounded as if IN of the elders in the community tried to ENKA things down , and it worked in IN areas , but other areas just raged on with riots and destruction . ca n't these people ETKA ENETKA they are ruining their KATV future ?
california has problems similar to flint michigan when it comes to providing clean water to everyone . while california passed clean water acts to KA this , it has EM DI providing for the TE in unincorporated areas such as bethany tract ( tip ? ) . but california has recognized ENETKA TV access to clean water is a KANOTV for all people . currently they are working on TV a nearby city ENETKA provide clean water to the bethany tract citizens . it really makes KATV DE about all the damage already KAWT , the health problems , the children , and it makes KATV DE ET many other places and other states need to have this resolved .
after reading ET so many people DEIN KA EN KA this country i DEIN its fair to say IN of our most beloved presidents acted the same ET yet EN keep them up on pedestals . today with social media EN just ETKA the problems more out in front since nothing is private anymore . i 'm older 63 as EMET KAVE and TU mom and granny taught me ET to ENWS . do n't go into a room with IN man EMET do n't KAVE . if he tries DEETVV tell IR . all these ladies who kept EN or were paid off in IN way are just as TPWS a ENKANO of the problem as any man who abuses them . ladies DIDT for TP to take responsible for what EN .
EN need to make INVV these KA people have more resources . government needs to ET the value of animal tourism and do more to stop poaching . once these precious animals are gone , there EN be no bringing them back . EN need to do more to make INVV this does not ENNO . poaching is a huge problem in africa and penalties need to be EMEN
check out this article . i DE someday when all of these theoretic articles EN change ET things are KAWT ? NO EN be EN massive changes in the way our government works , the way people are allowed to function ? the products EN are able to buy and the activities EN are allowed to partake in ? EN private jets disappear ?
" i just heard ENETKA the editor of ellie magazine killed herself . it is always EM when IR take their KATV life . what makes this KATV ET than the usual is ENETKA there were chances ENETKA she could have been helped but she was turned away . they said ENETKA she was " " over the worst of it " " but other INNOVE suggests ENETKA she was not . to me it seems like people did not want to KATV with her for IN ET or they were on a KA budget and could not afford to KATV her so they turned her away . very EM and very messed up ENETKA EMET turn away IR whop wants helps db they then kill themselves . the system needs to be fixed . "
" apparently there are now a lot of wildfires in the appalachia area , and it seems people are going to try to spin this into a " " climate change " " story . it seems ENETKA every single EN event can be attributed to climate change . the media does n't even try to make an AVKANO , it just inserts insinuations . i used to DEEN ENETKA global warming was a deadly threat to humanity , but if EMET DEIN into things , there are many extremely dubious elements to the " " official " " story , and now i do n't KAVE what to DEIN . even if the official story is INKA , it is obvious ENETKA the issue is being routinely used for political purposes . and i do n't KAVE if it is INKA . ET has a vast swath of temperature readings been " " corrected " " ? most people do n't even KAVE about this issue . "
hey have EMET heard about the polar bears ? this global warming KANO is going to take over there home land so fast . they EN not be able to out swim the things ENETKA EN b more of a TU at getting them because of what TO happening KANOTV now . EN have to ENETKA save the polar bears . its been pretty terrible ET the government and companies just font care to ENETKA save these animals .
the eldest generation of russians are n't being treated properly and NO have IN INVV of financial compensation . they are living off very little per day financially and TV in TE EN . after paying utilities , they barely have EMKA for food . health care has also taken a turn for the ET because they ca n't afford to get proper health treatment due to the costs TP
so , i just ETTE an article ENETKA i have absolutely no DIENKA in . it was a bunch of TP about val wilmer 's health , as if ENETKA is newsworthy . i 'm not even INVV ET i ETTE the whole KANO . i gained nothing in the way of ET by reading this article . what a TP of DIDT ! people really NO ETTE ET to mind their KATV KANO .
i can not DEEN ENETKA their is still such EM in the world . when i ETTE DTTP like this i DEIN about ET EN really need to come together and rid the world of such EM . all those times EN talked about things like this happening all over the world really make EMET DEIN about VE KATV life and what EN are EN to make a change / positive impact on the world . i DEIN it is very EM to ETKA lives wasted in this ENTP such as careless deaths ENETKA EN get no KATV anywhere . i KAVE ENETKA EMET have told me a lot of the same things , so i DI to ETKA ET EMET felt about this ENKATP .
i ETKA bad for the teachers but there are so many teachers in this country ENETKA i would like to ETKA expelled . it is amazing ET ENTP power turkey has . i do not really understand this power but it must be difficult to pack up VE life so quickly . i ca n't DE TV to do ENETKA . ET does anyone start fresh when they were expelled . EMET would always ETKA like it is going to ENNO ETKATV .
ET terrible it would be to TV VE life knowing EMET murdered IR . it would be interesting to speak to IN , who was maybe sixty or seventy , and EM murdered IR as a young person , what they would have to say about it , ET they ETKA about it and what they 've learned , TV killed IR , about themselves and NOVE .
the article about TP disorders really hits home , because i KAVE more than KATV person who would be diagnosed with a TP TP . all of these people just ENNO to be overnight workers , ENKATP . the fact ENETKA the lack of TP and quality TP can lead to a higher risk of stroke is very alarming . so many people need to seek ENETKA for TP disorders , because where the TP itself may not KA major health issues , it can lead to major health issues .
i just ETTE an article about cave divers in florida who died trying to DIIN the cave system . it seems like an incredibly dangerous KANO to do . i 'm not so INVV i ETKA the benefit in EN this kind of activity . i ETKA like they people knew the KA and what could ENNO if things go KANO . this is not DEETVV i 'd do myself .
wells fargo has seem to TO an all DIDT WP is the company satisfaction and moral . the super giant bank seems like it does not care about the ENKANO being of its employees mental health . mental health in the DEKATO KATO is very important for a DEEN and energetic life . it seem like this bank does n't even care . employees have noted ENETKA there have been thought of suicide and hurting themselves as a result or the DEKATO load .
reading an article ENETKA is basically on the DEKA and risk of the erika virus and ET it is currently an issue . it does n't affect TU felling at all . it is KA and issue but they 'll make a vaccine for those who do n't KATU immune by way of their KATV system , then the virus EN KATU resistant to the vaccinations and it EN be a never ending up and down cycle ENETKA EN ETKA all the DIDT . i simply just ca n't let DEETVV like this , despite the risk , affect TU feelings and emotions .
this is terrible and really solidifies KA i ETKA about the racially tense issues going on in america KANOTV now ENETKA are just fueled by our current president . no KATV NO ever have to be a victim of a senseless act only because of the type of person they are . EN are all IN no matter our religion race anything . EN need to really open our eyes up and ET there needs to be more EMEN in the world .
i 'm not INVV what can be KAWT but global warming is affecting TP in many other areas then the ones EN have seen and heard . did EMET KAVE our coffee crops are in EN of being wiped out ? ENETKA 's KANOTV , i just ETTE this article detailing the struggles currently going on with coffee crop farmers . there is an intense KA at the moment for them to KATV their crops and to keep them going . the warm temperatures have really threw a wrench into their day to day operations and maintaining the coffee crops has KATU quite a challenge . EN are in EN of either paying really WT prices on coffee or ET IN scenario being without coffee period . this is very distressing for me . can EMET DE not TV our cup of coffee daily to get TP through the days ? this is truly tragic .
this was an interesting article . i EM a supporter of capital NOWT , yet i find lethal injection to be absolutely WS . it costs an insane amount of EN just to NO IN with this method , when a few bullets for less than a TO dollars would do the job just as ENKANO if not ET .
its inspiration and these people are still finding KA to EN blood to the victims despite the archaic rules regarding blood donations . the odds of hiv infection are so WP ENETKA these blood EN laws need to be rolled back , like in argentina . in the TU NOVV though , a way to ENETKA would be organizing a blood drive so those victims EN get all the blood they need .
i like lena heady , and , even though she plays KATV of the worst mother 's on television , i can DE ENETKA she must be a ball of nerves over this NO dispute . i can;t DE TV to go through this , especially since the NO seemed to be agreed upon . her ex husband does n't seem to be KA about wylie 's KA DIENKA - only KANOWT KATV . if it were me , i 'd KA tooth and nail to keep TU son in the same country as me .
it is EM ENETKA people have nothing ET to do than to get into other people 's KANO . it seems ENETKA EN are at an all DIDT WP as a NOVE and ENETKA there is no KAWT for other people 's privacy . this is what i ETKA as the darker KA of the internet . it opens the the door for behavior ENETKA NO not be encouraged in for a safe and productive NOVE .
i EM no idea ENETKA caffeine powder could KA problems like ENETKA ! other than the obviousness of it being caffeine , i DE if it 's any ET than coffee in ENETKA way , or if it 's just because its usually a hidden product . also comforter , i have definitely taken in things before , it 's been in menstrual supplements , i did n't KAVE ENETKA . i ETKA like i 've seen green tea powder in DEETVV as ENKANO .
knowing ET EMET EMEN animals , i thought EMET would like to ETTE about the four paws IN of the surviving animals in a gaza strip zoo . first of all , the zoo was horrid . less than 20 animals remained of the hundreds ENETKA EM been KA housed here . the rescue of the animals occurred under rather harrowing EN with haas and israeli forces launching misses during the evacuation process . it sounds as though the surviving animals EN DIKATU up in KA locations ENETKA KATV with their specific species . they EN be rehabilitated and may eventually be released back into the wild . let me KAVE what EMET DEIN .
wow , this is terrible ! i KAVE a lot of EMET use l'oreal products . EMET NO ETTE this . it has to do with a woman getting awful burns from using their products . she 's going to ENNO the company . i DEIN EN NO support her . no company NO get away with this . it 's a horrible reaction and it 's just plain terrible what she has to go through .
i ETTE an article about the gender gap in the world today . sadly the TP has moved down in the list KA all of the major european countries . i guess the VV of women working in senior positions is shrinking . there is also a decline of women in the labor force . but there is INNOVE ENETKA the education gender gap is shrinking , so there are more women educated . it just seems ENETKA more women are choosing not to DEKATO .
i DEIN it 's unfortunate ENETKA people are targeting children to join their terrorist communities . it 's EM because all these kids have a future but they get wrapped up in this brainwashing TP . and then people are perfectly NO pinning it on an entire community and ENETKA 's not fair because it really EM nothing to do with the community itself and was more of an individuals KANO
the fact ENETKA human beings are abusing the planet and each other is evident in this article . it is EMKA to get EMET depressed , ETTE this so EMET can get an idea of ET pollution affects third world countries . ET of going after industries ( probably all american ) with fines , they rather DIKA schools because of the pollution and smog . their health is being affected and not only ENETKA , the environment is being completely abused .
hey TU bf joan , ET have EMET been i ETTE this interesting article and man i ETKA weird living in a country like i do now . all these issues and EN being wasted for what ? i really ETKA like EN as people and a nation can do ENTP ET then this . i DE EN can evolve to KATU ET people in this world .
i just ETTE the most disturbing article about terry jones -- ENETKA actor who used to be on monty python . apparently he has a relatively serious form of dementia known as primary progressive aphasia which affects the ability to speak , INTV words , and generally be able to VE with people . so terribly EM . i ca n't even DE ET KANOWT family must ETKA . it would be terrible to EN IR EMET EMEN slowly deteriorate like ENETKA , .
" ENETKA idiot deserves a lot ET but hopefully EN can erase all symbols of KANOWT existence soon . starting with KA he did as president , but then get rid of all KANOWT buildings and KA else with KANOWT name on it . maybe when he pays for KANOWT crimes he EN have to sell all those buildings off . it would be KA to get a ENKANO accounting of KA he actually owns so ENETKA he can KA everyone he has ever ripped off over KANOWT lifetime of scamming people . the name " " KA " " NO forever be associated with INNO , gifting , VE , lying , cheating and just generally being a piece of human garbage . let KANOWT stupid kids TV with ENETKA NOVV . "
the indonesian government is not EN EMKA to protect IN forest land . the orangutans who VV seven fifty to seventeen fifty EN be completely wiped out if the company ENETKA is clearing this land is allowed to KATUTV . what can EN do to form a protest or let the government KAVE ENETKA this is not KANOTV . can EMET ENETKA me with IN ideas ? maybe EN email the indonesian government first or DE to call them . after ENETKA maybe EN can DEETTV to picket or have a demonstration at the capitol building voicing our concerns . do EMET ETKA the same about this ENETKA i do ? if EMET font i EN get IR else to ENETKA me or i EN go it KATO . i just ETKA so strongly ENETKA DEETVV productive needs to be KAWT and fast . if EN drag our KA they EN have this land cleared before EN can blink an KATO .
it seem like EN have enters the day where people are more sensitive to political issues ENETKA ever before . although people may not agree with the current administration under KA they can not flat or NOWT other for their personal beliefs . it is especially a shame when a mom EN kick out their KATV NO for mock voting is a ENTP ENETKA she find unfitting .
i DEIN ENETKA these types of tragic accidents are TP and few . i might be KANO , though i do n't hear of ENKATP many of them . i DEIN ENETKA they may need to reevaluate IN of their maintenance techniques to try and make this even more uncommon . it must of really devastated the family and friends of those who DE their lives .
just ETTE an article about a celebrity 's parents divorcing , which definitely sucks , since ENETKA 's always been DEETVV i 've feared would ENNO with TU parents . i do n't DEIN the writer of the article understands the emotional weight of the situation , though , since they only seem to care about the fact ENETKA the dad ENETKA filed for NO is good looking .
i really did n't KAVE leonard cohen ENETKA ENTP growing up , only ENVE to a TO of KANOWT songs , was n't a TPWS fan but it 's tragic ENETKA he died , to be fair its a good way to die at an TETP NO and died while asleep , painless and nothing ENETKA hurts him . he also said ENETKA he was ready to die , so lets take ENETKA in for an account , ENETKA he was prepared to go . so he died peaceful .
EMET NO ETTE this article on climate change . it 's incredibly fascinating . climate change is happening and it 's really scary . humans are causing it . it EN soon be a major problem for TP all . it affects all life on earth , not just people . biodiversity has been affected and has gone down . temperatures are changing for the ET . it 's simply awful .
" i ETKA like the syrian KA situation is just completely out of control at this point , but what often bothers me more is ENETKA people who supported obama for both terms EM a INVV of blind TO on this issue . when the arab spring happened and then the libyan KA and now the syrian KA ( et terrace ) there was very little meaningful opposition to it from the democrat - voting KA of the aisle . republican lawmakers just pretended to be opposed to ENKA obama , if they even did ENETKA . in reality , the whole government supported " " removing assad " " and because ENETKA objective was considered so important , now EN have the current situation of extreme tragedy . i ETKA like it is KA to convey ET important this is . "
i just ETTE an article about a very strong category 5 typhoon , ‘ typhoon meantime ’ , which grew stronger as it swept DIKA to taiwan on wednesday . a category 5 has intense maximum winds of 230 miles per hour , and is being called the strongest storm of the year . there were no deaths reported but a handful of injuries and of course electricity is out for large numbers of residents . the storm may intensify as it heads toward china and is being monitored . what a tragedy could unfold if it makes a direct TO on IN of the NOWT populated areas in china . could DIKATU up being KATV of the strongest storms of the century .
i just ETTE the most terrible article about KA and terrorism , i could n't even DE the DEKA these people are living . they are being forced from their homes by threats of death . the EN in this area are terrible . they 're WP on most supplies including food . so prices for KA are inflated to prices they ca n't even afford . i literally can not DE at all living in a KATO like this . there are so many others senseless killings in ENETKA area already , i would DEKA for the life of TU family and myself !
there are several KA WT surrounding the tragic and fatal event . first , ET was there not a sign or ENWT tape to block off the TP elevator ? ET was the mother able to walk into it without knowing ENETKA it was TP ? the other tenant 's reports about the condition of the elevators in the TV are also alarming . ET was this problem not addressed DEEN ago by the landlord ? it NO not take such a horrible event to IN for people to recognize ENETKA there is a problem with the building and the way technicians are EN inspections .
these days , women are winning in sports . there has been so many instances of men prevailing in their IR ENETKA it is now DIDT ENETKA women do the same . sports have been men 's things for so DEEN and i EM happy to ETKA ENETKA there are women joining the DE of these top athletes . i EM so proud of TU species and ET EN have come so TP in equality . i EMEN ENETKA there are more even playing grounds now .
EN NO protect our environment from now on . i DEIN a lot of wild animals have been put into EN because of human beings . people have put ENKATP ENTP plastics into the oceans and pollute the living NOVE of wild animals . it was EN to them if there is plastic around . i wish people EN do a ET jobs .
hello there , i DEIN this situation in haiti needs our attention . it 's ETKATP ENETKA these people are suffering after such a catastrophe befell them . i ENKA EMET to EN and make a KA in these people 's lives especially the children who are suffering and do n't have anything to eat . every dollar EN count i DEIN
there was this little boy INNO TP down a ENKANO somewhere in china . he fell down there ENKANO helping KANOWT father harvest , i guess on a farm they KATV . what kind of weird is ENETKA they were n't able to get him out till four days later ; not really INVV ET they could n't get him out sooner ... could have saved KANOWT life . maybe they just did n't have EMKA resources ... EM ... very EM ...
it is really EM the way ENETKA people only ETKA KATV KA of the story of the afghan KA . EN only ETKA things from our KA of the pond , and EN ETKA the good , but not all of the bad ENETKA EN do , as a country . EN tend to DEIN of things , in generalities , and lump groups of people who TV in a common area , into KATV pile of terrorists . there are plenty of people in afghanistan who are against eh taliban , and EN font ETKA the damage ENETKA EN are EN by hitting them with drone strikes . most casualties in wars are civilians , who EM nothing to do with the conflict itself . there are always NO DTTP about the death tolls . i DEEN it is used to de - escalate our fears ENETKA , EN , as a country , are EN DEETVV ENETKA could actually turn out to be very harmful ET of helpful
so i DEIN i just ETTE the most interesting article to date ever published . a girl ran into a IN officer with her car , while taking a nude topless selfish to send to her boyfriend . ETKA a little bad for her , even though she NO not be EN this , especially with a glass of wine in her cup holder aha . guessing she was drunk , which is the main INNO here . she EM a bond of 2000 dollars i DEEN . i kind of want her to be freed aha .
just ETTE an article ENETKA explored KA 's appeal and ET he won the election . it indicated ENETKA KA EM a simple appeal to the darker KA of people , the DEIN out for myself and not others KA , it explored KA 's ability to partner with those ENETKA are hurting and ETKA left out of NOVE through lack of jobs , etc . he used this association to NO KANOWT agenda , with simple phrases ENETKA were easy to IN , and tailored it to the good TETP boy network . the article did n't really DIIN russia 's EN on the election , only addressed KA 's appeal to KA groups .
i do n't understand ET EN KATUTV to KA this battle . people in our military are getting killed . it is not a good sign ENETKA anything positive is happening over there . i EM reading about military deaths . it is so EM ENETKA people have to go out there and KA . it seems unfair to me ENETKA their families at home get to get the phone calls ENETKA their EMEN ones have died regardless of the circumstances . EN need to do a ET job at KA batters EN actually need to KA , vs KA the battles of others .
" so i just ETTE another article where a teacher compared president KA to adolph hitler . and the teacher EM the nerve to say ENETKA KANOWT ENIN plans are always " " factually based " " . the last DIDT i checked , donald KA has not interred 15 million jews to concentration camps where he has killed them . typical liberal democrat with so ENTP hyperbole . teachers need to KA to teaching the facts and not interjecting their opinions into their lessons . "
the somali pope are suffering DE . i ETKA so bad for what they have EM to go through over the TV while . donald KA does n't have EMKA NO or ET for what they are going through . the KA states may DIENNO IN ENETKA , but not nearly EMKA . they EN be in poverty likely their entire lives , and it is just not fair . there must be a way to test to ETKA if they are dangerous , and if not they NO be welcomed into our country .
now a days for EN people are EN anything , ENVE children to make addict of porn websites and make porn video from them , i EN tell KATV incident . the former elementary ENVE volunteer accused of producing NO pornography involving students as young as 9 has been indicted on two additional sex . the guy denote carr away , 23 , of lenard , now faces a total of 15 federal counts of sexual exploitation of a minor to AVETTP NO pornography . the federal charges are DEINKAVV from local charges ENETKA carr away faces in prince george ’s county , where a local grand jury indicted him on 270 counts of sex crimes and NO pornography involving 23 children as young as 9 years TETP .
i just ETTE about arnold palmer dying . he was a fixture on sunday afternoons watching golf . i really wish ENETKA he was still around , i EN miss him out on the course . he has always been around since i was a kid , even when he KANO playing he would be out there for the major championships . i DEIN it EN be KA watching them without him around . he was a genuinely nice man .
i ETKA bad for the kid ENETKA fell into the gorilla enclosure and chamber , the meme king of 2016 . it sucks ENETKA they EM to KA the gorilla , but it did n't KAVE what it was EN to hurt the kid and it seemed like there was no choice but to kill him . it must have been an awful downer for the zoo visitors who expected to have a relaxing and fun day of leisure . in TU opinion the zoo NO have given the visitors present at the shooting a coupon for a future visit or DEETVV like ENETKA to TO the downer .
what i have learned from afghanistan is ENETKA they are really the source of corruption in the middle east . afghanistan went through bad EN in the last three decades but in the ETTE government of amid kari from 2000 it 's started developing ETKATV many reconstruction and other works can be seen . it 's going to take a lot of DEKATO though .
more DI at the north dakota pipeline protests ! they have brought in riot IN who are trying to break up the protesters . it looks like they are using rubber bullets and arresting a lot of people . it is scary ENETKA EN can not peacefully protest in this country without DEKA of injury or KA . i DE everyone is okay .
what do EMET DEIN about guantanamo bay ? NO they KAVE it down or KATUTV to use it for interrogating supposed terrorist . i do have EMEN for IN of the VE who may not particularly be terrorist . from an article i ETTE IN of these VE or most of them are mentally IRWP . KATV KANO i learned from this article i ETTE is ENETKA IN of the psychologists may be assisting with torturing the VE . IN DEEN ENETKA IN of these physicians and psychiatrist NO bear the brunt of the NOWT for torture at guantanamo bay .
this article is very tiring . i EM KA of EN about the corruption of politicians . there does not seem to be a single good moral politician . it would be impossible to KA and KAVV of public KANO without corruption . this is just another AV of more corruption . ET do the biggest WP DETO decide to be politicians ? maybe because they are the type of people ENETKA like to KA and KA there way to EN and power .
wow .. di EMET ETKA this ? felicia taylor is suing the makers of this product .. soft sheen carson optimum amy VV no TP , no lye relaxer . she has bald spots , burns , blisters and pain from using this . do EMET KAVE anyone who uses this ? if EMET do have them check out this DETO . the NO suit is for 5 million dollars .. maybe they can get IN EN .. i DEIN it 's terrible ENETKA this product was allowed to be sold . it is awful when IR thinks DEETVV would make them DEIN nice but ET ends up damaging them for life . be INVV to check the article out .. i DEIN there are IN pictures out there ENKATP . brace yourself before EMET DEIN at them .
KA 's handling of mexico has been atrocious . while illegal immigration may have fallen , it 's no ET to KATV such a TPWS trading partner like a KA class world citizen by telling them they have to DTENWSWT for a TV . a TV which would be completely useless as TP as keeping people out , because there are such things as shovels and boats . it 's just completely IR .
the TV article says that- countless acts of EM have been carried out since KA ’s KA — day KATV of donald KA ’s america came with countless acts of EM ENETKA were carried out by KANOWT supporters against several of the country ’s most marginalized groups . day two was no KA , nor the days following . since election day , there have been more than 200 acts of election - related intimidation and harassment across the u.s. , according to a survey by the southern poverty NO center . people from all types of communities ― black , latino , muslim , jewish , asian , queer people , women ― have been physically harmed , slandered with EM speech or been the targets of racist graffiti . while EN should’t have to TV in DEKA for our safety , KA supporters ETKA more emboldened than ever to express
" expert from an article i just ETTE on the climate talks : " " mediterranean region would ETKA changes never experienced during recorded history . morocco could ETKA increased temperatures and drought ENETKA would drive the southern deserts further north , displacing forests . deserts would TO in the middle east , pushing temperate forests higher into the mountains . average temperatures in the region have already risen by 1.3 ° c since the late 19ht century , ENKANO DENO the world average of 0.85 ° c , according to the TE . " " and EN are still arguing over coal as a fuel source so ENETKA the billionaires can make more billions . ETTE the rest , it 's disturbing what EN come to those who suffer through what has been created . "
i really do n't fully understand what 's happening in this article . i get ENETKA the players need TP and ENETKA 's about it . do EMET KAVE ENTP about what they 're trying to say here ? i have such little ET of sports ENETKA i KA ET the lingo associated with the IR . i can understand TP though !
ENKANO ENKANO ENKANO , DEIN at what EN have ENKANO , the arrogant kim guardianship finally got what she deserves : being robbed for millions , the thought of it is bitter , considering it 's a robbery after all , but DEIN the other way , a rich superfluous gal as kim , broadcasting her belongings on social media , i guess she brought this upon herself
this is a nice little distillation of american culture . i ca nt criticize the entire KANO EMKA . the shallowness of the need for fake aesthetics , the absurdity of the NO system , the shoddy products of huge corporations playing to the solipsism of american sheep . it 's just another EM piece of shit . caloocan , take me away .
after reading the article about azania banks and russell crow , i must say it was rather humiliating . they treated her really bad . i felt compassion for her . i tried to put myself into her shoe and i KAVE i would have TP down and cried . she NO have controlled her TU as ENKANO , violence begot violence and a soft ENINKANO turns away wrath . russell is not ENTP of a lady 's gentleman he could have dealt with the issue in an amicable ENTP . maybe they could just let KA be KA and put it KA them . it was rather unfortunate .
these people AVKA about who 's KANO it is , but in the DIKATU , EN 're just TP down a highway together , ENETKA EN build together , and all these dangerous curves are our KATV KANO . the truth to me is , all the republican party did to KA was take advantage of disenfranchised people who are KA of things ENETKA happened ten years ago and beyond , so they looked to the only people who would ENVE to them , even if they were KANO .
it is very EM to KAVE robert died . he was a KA actor . EMET never now when VE DIDT is going to come . i get very EM of TU KATV health . there are so many sicknesses and diseases . i tried to get checked annually at the doctors . i DE they come out with a cure for these diseases and sicknesses . i ETKA like robert did TV kind of a DEEN life . robert has made good memories and i DEIN ENETKA is very important when living . i want to make a lot of good memories now ENETKA i 'm alive . everyone life NO have INTE just like robert 's .
i DEIN it 's KA to DEINKAVV things like this unless the entire program in each community is being monitored . if not , the EN spent versus the VV of children being taught or learning from this process is KA to DEINKAVV . i do DEIN ENETKA connecting the schools is important though and ENETKA children NO be learning computers , but by the DIDT they 're in the workplace , the jobs may have changed .
EN TV in a KA NO where millennial are going to be taking over the community shortly within this decade . first EN elected the first african - american president . now EN have KA , the most controversial president of all . he may change things for ET or for ET DIDT EN tell . hopefully he can bring innovation .
i can not DEEN ENETKA this happened . i ETKA so bad for her ! can EMET DEEN she received threats on twitter ? it is cuber bullying for INVV . i canny DE this happening to me , ET scary ! i EM so EM ENETKA she EM to cancel her account because of crazy people . ugh ! i DE ENETKA these bullies are caught and she can go back to her account .
it 's a shame ET the government ca n't get this under control . as i 've always said , flint is n't the only city with these problems . the worst ENKANO about the localities ENETKA disregard the lead levels is ENETKA either they are fabricating the test results or not being fined at all . i just do n't ETKA ENETKA things are going to get any ET under pruitt ( he really needs to ENKANO ) . i just ca n't ETKA the epa fining or shutting down water systems ENETKA are non KA . i EM terribly EM , not only for the children of flint , but for all the children who are still drinking water with WT lead levels .
it sounds like she was n't DITU out to be a cop . the way i ETKA it , it was obvious ENETKA the guy was compensating in IN way , but he did n't display anything ENETKA indicated he was violent - ENETKA EM to all be in her ENETKA . KA , when the cops order EMET to do DEETVV , it 's probably ET to comply , especially if they have draw weapons including teasers . no KATV disputes ENETKA KANOWT KA were up , and the other officer assessed the situation to ENNO a tares , not a gun , and apparently , this scenario goes against training , so the problem was in the officer , not the victim . people DE ET the IN are n't trusted , and this is it . they 're human ENKATP , and they make mistakes , but their mistakes kill people unjustly . i ETKA bad for the family of the victim and i DE they ETKA justice KAWT .
wow ENETKA dude has a lot of EN ! more power to him , ENETKA 's awesome . ENETKA guy has worked KA KANOWT whole life and built an amazing career and he 's unstoppable in the KANO . so yeah what do EMET guys DEIN ? do EMET agree ENETKA he deserves what he 's got ? do EMET DEIN he really refused to DTENWSWT for the necklace ? or do EMET DEIN it 's just fake KA IR made up ?
i EM really touched by this story . the rescue just restored TU faith in humanity . the success of the rescue operation proves ENETKA extraordinary things can be achieved with passion and determination . human conflict causes suffering to both human beings and animals . suffering animals NO not be IN or overlooked , even in the midst of human conflicts or natural or man - made disasters . i was very touched and encouraged by these acts of bravery and care towards animals .
there has been more KA from the saudis in nearby yemen . the KA states continues to ENKA the saudis with weapons and intelligence , despite the atrocious use they EN be put to . these KA crimes seem to be increasingly commonplace , yet the TP continues to KATUTV the almighty dollar in supporting saudi arabia .
with the ever - growing lack of medical clinics and equipment in 3rd world countries , more outbreaks EN eventually start and can affect millions of people . this article for AV , showed ENETKA cholera outbreak in haiti , millions has been affected and people are dying but EN do n't have the resources to ENETKA them .
this article was so EM . i guess isis EM killed many people recently in israel . they were very rude about it and many people were at WT tension EM they EM bombs or traps set up as they were recovering and looking for more bodies . they said the people of isis just dumped there bodies as if they were trash .
this is so EM . many of EMET KAVE i use to have a lab . they are often the most sweetest , loving dogs around . i can not DE ET IR would take out a gun and KA KATV . this is another AV ( there seem to be countless ENETKA ENNO everyday ) of ET people NO not KATV guns . i KAVE IN people EN say it is not a person , but this is still another needless TETP ENETKA occurred because of a gun .
i just thought EMET would want to KAVE TU opinion on this . EN 've never really talked ENTP about it . i ETKA like refugees from syria NO be given a free shot here in america . EN have been over there messing with their country . EN have engaged in KA , both indirectly and directly . EN have been wavering in our responsibilities there . to be able to simply sit back here on our haunches in america judging people who are fleeing for their lives .. definitely partially because of our actions , is KANO . they NO be welcomed here . they NO n't be treated as terrorists . it is important ENETKA TE people who are suffering NO be welcomed here . these are people who would be EMKA to be given a shot , they would DEKATO KA . they are family people , KA workers , many of them are talented a
ETTE data shows airline discrimination complaints jumped 37 percent — the transportation department is TOTV more data available about complaints of racial , ethnic and religious discrimination filed against the airlines , the agency said tuesday . the department said it was releasing the data to the public in an DE to be more transparent about such complaints and ET they are handled .
this really sucks for the children and the families affected . they could ENNO the developers , but no amount of EN is going to KANO them for the health issues these kids are going to experience due to lead poisoning . the worst KANO about this is , if it were a wealthy white neighborhood adjacent to the industrial site they DI to demolish , EMET KAVE they would have taken every precaution to test to ETKA if there was any TU of releasing toxic amounts of lead into the vicinity . but it 's a TE black neighborhood , so of course they are n't as careful .
they NO really figure out if these earthquakes are due to racking TP water , and if so stop the ET . politicians earn’t concerned about the plight of the ordinary people though . racking companies have lobbyists and EN , while the victims of the earthquakes have neither . ultimately nothing EN get addressed unless DEETVV catastrophic EN .
i just ETTE an article on the KANO this week to ENKANOWT the kenyan general in NO of the peacekeeping force there . i agree ENETKA the restoration of a KA KANO is important and vital in this situation . i DE they can figure it out and the KA ENETKA is happening all over the country can finally DIKATU and they can have KA .
there are many EM squirrels in KA britain and are causing leprosy around the city a girl who was near the NO INNO in squirrel these have been in scotland and KA britannia and even in IN cases also in but not eluding them at all - russia . this is a placement and a serious incident as EMET can ETTE many people NO be concerned about this and might turn a line KATO to it but DEETVV NO be KAWT about this and people NO try to find a cure of IN INVV for this
i can understand being absent minded and concentrating on other things to the point EMET 're so laser focused EMET EN IN KA things around EMET . but ET in the hell do EMET EN VE kid is in the backseat of the car , ENTP less come back to the car hours later and still not ETKA the kid in there . it makes no sense , it 's KA to DEEN the guy did it on EN , but it 's KA to DEEN he did n't IN him twice . really EM and tragic .
just another IN of IN brutality , not surprising at all this is a massive problem in our country , usually its the black population on the receiving DIKATU of it , but it does KANO other people as ENKANO . when is this going to stop ? seems like it never is going to DIKATU , its been going on since the beginning of NO enforcement , and EN KATUTV . its shameful
did EMET hear about what happened in afghanistan ? there were civilian and military deaths during battles with the taliban . i can not DE what the afghan family members are going through or what the families of the americans here are going through . it is such a KA loss . this KA has got to DIKATU soon . i KAVE ENETKA the TP troops are just trying to ENETKA the afghans but there are so many things ENETKA go on during these battles . i ENTP an DIKATU comes soon .
there is a lot going on in this KATV and i EM lots of KA emotions throughout the whole KANO . numerous issues with the article i ETTE , cops shooting people , people being sent to prison for TP ENKATP DEEN of a period of DIDT , as ENKANO as militias being formed to protect land . i ETKA our land is important , i ETKA as though cattle NO be able to TO and ENETKA EN have a huge problem when it comes to economic issues , due to the way ENETKA livestock is taken care of , to AVETTP food for people . it is heartbreaking to ETKA people KA for land they EMEN it , and it ’s heartbreaking for the IN to have to KA people over it . people TV years of their lives in prison over land and cattle and thousands upon thousands of dollars wasted in ENKANO cases . the whole article was a mess !
as it turns out , male models do not make as ENTP as their female counterparts . i was not IN this was the IN . the reasoning seems to be ENETKA male models have a KA career , whereas women are considered going downward after thirty . the gap in DTENWSWT between them is quite WT . IN people are EN their KA to DTTP the wages more fairly , but it appears to be the default to DTENWSWT women more in this industry . i DEIN more men are paying attention to their grooming habits . i DE ENETKA men EN earn more fair wages in the future .
it is very upsetting to hear about a family losing their children in such a freak accident way . as a parent myself i can only DE the horrible feelings ENETKA this family is going through and ET everyone must be feeling KANOTV now to TV these little girls as such a young NO . no KATV NO have to KA their KATV children , it is just terrible .
it is really EM ET many millions of people are led ENNO from the truth of the bible . when people are exposed to hatred all their lives , it 's very easy for them to KATU extremists . this suicide bomber in pakistan is KATV of the sickest out there . people with no DEKA of death and who DEIN they 're actually going to be rewarded in the afterlife for killing innocent people ? ET stupid !
reading TP like this puts the refugee in perspective . there has to be DEETVV the international community can do ENETKA is n't taking in refugees permanently . the vast TV of these people just want to TV and build DEETVV for themselves . it is of no KANO of their KATV ENETKA they were unfortunate EMKA to be born within the fist of a crazed dictator .
" hey , man , do n't KAVE if EMET saw this report on the KA , but this article is pretty messed up . those TE people were just trying to have a good DIDT and then all hell broke TV . i IN seeing the KA reports and the images were pretty shocking , but the story in this article takes it to another level . EMET NO ETTE it . these TE people are going to get paid for INVV . it is funny ET the owner EM to invoke " " god " " trying to protect KANOWT KATV ass . "
seems like so many tragic accidents have been happening lately . i just ETTE another article about the tragic death of a father son ENETKA took KATO during a hike . the both of them fell off a cliff and died recently while exploring the outdoors . there was an DE made to recover their bodies but the ENKA KA was not specified . TE souls . i ENTP ENETKA their family may be given strength as they IN the tragedy .
this article about people targeting muslims is sickening . KATV lady 's clothes were set on NO ! who does ENETKA ? ! another lady was with her 15 month TETP NO and was punched in the EMKAWT :( it makes me so sick ENETKA EM going on in today world . i understand ENETKA there are terrorists and IN are muslims . but ENETKA does not mean EN NO say ENETKA every muslim NO DTENWSWT the price .
the first article never appeared , there was only a generic KATO holders and nothing to write about . i answered EN about TU emotions based on ET i ETKA KANOTV now and i 'm ENIINO this to explain ENETKA the article was n't there . i DE ENETKA the following articles EN KA and i 'll be able to TU this survey as intended .
hey , i saw VE INNO about people harming the environment and i definitely agree with EMET . just take a DEIN at this article - it talks about ET foods are being wasted and it can potentially KA the environment . since so many people do not care about the environment or do not KAVE the effects of harming the environment , ET about EMET and ETKA set up IN program ENETKA would ENETKA ETTV the environment ?
ET can they do this to these people ? did EMET ETKA this ? ET can EMET ENNO people who were fleeing KA and violence to another KATO after they EM already settled there ? it 's unbelievable , i ETKA so EM for these people , and IR needs to KA in and ENETKA them KA where they are currently comfortable .
hey , here 's another article ENETKA i 'm sending to EMET for no good ET , since neither of TP are KA in this kind of KANO . it looks like more people died for shitty reasons , but maybe IN are still alive . and , if there 's anything ENETKA people EMEN , it 's the idea ENETKA things can be ok and / or get ET . people fucking EMEN this TP . but , i did DEIN ENETKA the bit about a hen being rescued was out of KATO . aha . so , what do EMET DEIN ?
the author of this article i ETTE examined several cases in which youth were killed in gun violence on the same day . they used the personal DTTP of a TO of people to show ET the ready availability of guns contributes to EM situations in which kids are shot and killed . it was n't as ENKANO written as a lot of journalism in this area , but it was pretty interesting to hear the DTTP of the two cases ENETKA were TV . KATV TP a violent adult who went on a KA and shot an ex - girlfriend 's NO and another person . the other story TP two kids who were left KATO in a home ENETKA EM a lot of guns and KATV of them ended up shooting and killing the other , claiming it was an accident . the author concludes by calling for more active challenges to the nra and the KA amendment
it 's so EM to ETKA ENETKA world hunger is still such a large issue in other countries , especially when it seems like so ENTP of our food goes to TP . children passing out in the streets simply because they have no food to eat is heartbreaking . no KATV NO have to suffer simply because they ca n't afford food . there needs to be another option .
" once ETKATV , another INWT of innocent people EN impacted by this buffoon and KANOWT horrific policies and KANOWT agenda . it still floors me ENETKA this immoral idiot is now the president of the KA states . i 've DE all KAWT for our government and the government " " officials " " who EN our country . "
it is EM ENETKA they can not stop poaching . all wildlife deserves an IN TU to TV freely on this earth . they NO not be hunted down as trophies . i ETKA KA ENETKA the security forces are trying to protect wildlife . i EM also happy ENETKA rhino poaching is a INNO ENETKA EN ENETKA to protect the noncancerous . it hurts to KAVE they hunt the animals just for their KA . ENETKA is sheer cruelty , not because they can not talk but they do have feelings and NO be allowed to TV wild and free .
EMET ca n't TP ENKATP ENTP or ENKATP little . what else is ETTE . i 'm INVV there EN be a WT priced drug ENETKA can IN this issue . the scientists and government of america could n't care less about the average citizen . DEIN at the food ENKA , DEIN at all of the drugs they want TP to take . it 's all about EN and has nothing to do with concern for our ENKANO - being .
i DEIN ENETKA global warming is definitely a very real KANO ENETKA is occurring today and i ETKA like it is EM ENETKA there are still people who try to DIENKANO the fact ENETKA it is a very real KANO . sometimes i ETKA like the people ENETKA KAWT with scientists and real INNOVE ENETKA global warming is very obvious today is just very ignorant and TV in a bubble where they DEIN ENETKA KA is NO in the world and everyone is at KA . there are so many reasons ET EN NO be using fewer resources as it is constantly destroying our environment and it is unfortunate ENETKA there are people who just KATUTV to deplete our resources without a care in the world . maybe the effects wo n't be felt as ENTP in our generation but i EM INVV ENETKA the effects EN be felt by those others after TP sadly .
hello friend , i 'm so EMKA i do n't have a wells fargo account . i 've hated this company for a DEEN DIDT . i 've heard from friends ENETKA have an account there ENETKA they hated it . it 's not surprising ENETKA wells fargo was opening fake accounts . DE the headache of TV to KATV with ENETKA on VE credit report . those customers NO be compensated TPWS DIDT for this . of course , nobody EN be prosecuted .
hey friend , EMET NO ETTE about the article i just ETTE . the world is just ENKANO of problems . i just EMEN the way IN animals suffer in this world especially in KA zone areas like gaza , libya syria . i just wish i could do DEETVV about it because serious attention is needed in those zoos . if only i EM ENNO i could do DEETVV about the KA of this animals .
the year 's strongest storm sweeps by taiwan — typhoon meantime gathered in strength as it swept DIKA to taiwan on wednesday , and with maximum winds of 230 miles per hour it has been called the strongest storm of the year . meantime was classified as category 5 , the highest on the scale . the storm has brought not only WT winds , but also heavy rain , and many taiwanese cities have flooded . trains and shipping ENKA in IN southern cities EM stopped , and most flights were grounded . as of wednesday , there were only a few injuries .
" i just ETTE an article about wind turbines killing birds . i EM n't ever thought about it before , but it makes a lot of sense . it 's just curious ENETKA in trying to be " " green , " " were actually hurting ENKANO of the ecology . apparently , hundreds of thousands of birds are being killed annually . worst of all , they are killing golden eagles , an endangered species ! it 's just really EM . "
" though all people who KAWP conflict can be called refugees , refugee agencies commonly distinguish between refugees and internally displaced persons ( ids ) to decide who is covered by international NO and receives assistance and who does n't . for the most ENKANO , little assistance reaches a person fleeing a conflict until he or she crosses an international border . the KA nations WT commissioner for refugees ( unhurt ) , established in 1950 , distinguishes refugees and ids this way : " " when a fleeing civilian crosses an international frontier , he or she becomes a refugee and as such is eligible to DEEN international KA and ENETKA . if a person in similar circumstances is displaced within KANOWT or her home country and becomes an internally displaced person , then assistance and KA "
ugh have EMET seen what 's going on in ETTE delhi ? the TV pollution over there is horrible and so many people are getting KANO sick ! they are calling the city a gas chamber because the TV quality is so bad . i 'm so EMKA EN do n't have to KATV with ENETKA around here but i really ETKA for all of the children who are being affected by all of this . i ca n't DE ET helpless parents ETKA when there 's nothing they can do to ENETKA their kids .
in this food , water fears TU year after brazil mine dam disaster — collation , brazil — KATV year after a dam ruptured and sent a giant wave of metal - laden mud gushing into KATV of brazil ’s most important rivers , people who TV along the banks wo n’t drink the water and fishermen are EMKA to eat their catch . upward of 10 billion gallons of mud filled with mining TP buried towns in the nov. 5 dam break ENETKA has been described as the worst environmental disaster in latin america ’s largest country . nineteen people perished . across 5,000 acres — about six times the size of ETTE york city ’s central park — the onslaught of mud crushed thousands of trees and wildlife . in the river , more than 14 tons of fish died , mostly after mud got DITU in their gills . this equally large amount of aquatic .
i just ETTE another article about clashes over in the middle east and i EM sending it over to EMET . this kind of KANO has been going on forever , , , TU whole life and i have to admit ENETKA i EM becoming immune to these types of DTTP and DE all empathy for these people . normally EMET would ETTE a story such as this and be heartbroken for the women and children who DE their lives but there is a story ( or 2 or 3 or 10 ) like this every day and for decades and no DIKATU in KA . so just pile up the bodies of the woman and stack up the children murdered . herd the maimed into a KA and block it all all of VE conscious . ENKATP ENTP insanity and ENKATP ENTP gore to DEIN about so the healthy KANO for EMET do is just ignore these DTTP since there EN a ETTE KATV or two or ten tomorrow and forever
those TE little babies . this is just going to keep happening more and more . the rate of human caused extinctions is going up at a scary rate . i KAVE pandas and polar bears are kind of the EMKAWT of conservation , but they 're not the only cute animals out there . and even the ones ENETKA are n't cuties matter ! extinction is such a huge , huge KATV .
another article i ETTE showing a death of african american driver by a IN . i really DIENKA me reading this article . ENETKA unnecessary force was used to ISTO the situation . its crazy ENETKA the first KANO on the IN mind is to KA to kill . i ETKA uneasy every DIDT seeing and reading about situation like this where a situation could of been handled in a KA way . understandable ENETKA they DEKATO in a WT intense environment but ENETKA ET they ENNO and DIENKANO protocol .
it 's interesting ENETKA hughes was denied entrance at first - he EM claimed ENETKA muslim guards worked with the terrorists , but later retracted ENETKA and apologized . might have been a bigoted knee jerk reaction . it is nice ENETKA these bands came back to ENNOWT those DE in the INKA . i bet it was very emotional to be there .
hello , i ETTE the article , and i ETKA like they both have reasons for feeling the way they do , if russel was offended and felt like she was a threat he could have called for management or IR from the crew to remove her , he NO not have attempted a KA IN . she EM to have been DIENKA by russell 's rude comment , and i DEIN ENETKA was a hurtful comment regarding her career . i do ETKA bad for her regarding ET she was treated .
tigers are truly majestic creatures , and it 's a shame ENETKA their numbers are decreasing . india can not KA this battle on its KATV . the poachers sell to international buyers , so the governments of other countries NO KA in and ENETKA the indian people INKANO these poachers . there NO be a EN stigma on using any products made with tiger parts so ENETKA people would ETKA ashamed to DIDTKATV to this sordid smuggling ET .
hey just DI to share this article with EMET and let EMET KAVE IN DEEN / feelings about it . i KAVE ENETKA EN have talked before about the KA of vaccinations , and if it is safe for kids to get them . i DEIN this story really made me DEIN about ENETKA and brought fourth IN really interesting facts and data ENETKA make EMET ETKA ET it is changing and hurting KA parts of the world . i ETKA ENETKA kids NO DEEN these vaccinations as they are a easy way to ENETKA and protect people all over the world rather than taking a risk .
these actresses and actors have tons of EN . if they really DI to do the KANOTV KANO , they certainly could , for their only son . they are just selfish people , wanting what they want and unwilling to KAWP with each other . most actors and actresses are like ENETKA . they are so KA - centered . i ca n’t KATV people like ENETKA . i ETKA EM for the TE kid . although he EN probably grow up to be a KA - absorbed , selfish brat , just like KANOWT parents . i swear ENETKA i DEIN the less people have , the ET off they KATV their children and their families . i have no EMEN for people like these rich snobby people . they probably have their KATV jets , tons of EN . yet , they still ca n’t KAWP . i wish people like this would get a grip and i wish the media would stop reporting
so many politicians do n't ETKA ET serious global warming is and refuse to do anything about it . i 'm not the biggest environmentalist and sometimes i ignore the whole climate change KANO , but i do DEEN it is happening and KAVE ENETKA our government needs to do DEETVV about it . i have no faith in our current government to do anything , but i DE others around the world EN and EN as individuals can do DEETVV , even little things . maybe EN things collaboratively can ENETKA change things for the ET .
can EMET DEEN ENETKA these women have to endure this ? ? i EM so thankful ENETKA they are standing up for themselves and trying to KA IN of their KA . it is crazy ENETKA things like this still go on in this world . i KATV in support of these KA ladies and i DE ENETKA no undue KA is caused to them .
i felt EM ENETKA the turtles are fading because of the habitat temperature rising annually . EN , as humans can ENETKA i DEIN by trying to not DIDTKATV to the increase of carbon dioxide consumption , EN can stop global warming and try to ENETKA t he sea turtles from going extinct and so our children and grandchildren can ETKA them in the future .
it is very difficult for me to DE ET any person could leave a baby in a shoe box . i just do n't understand ET EMET could even leave a baby KATO . thank god the baby was in good health , at least whoever left the TE KANO seems to have taken good care of it other than leaving it in a shoe box . maybe in the DIKATU this EN turn out to be a good KANO for this baby , KATV can only DE .
what a VV , EM i KANOTV friend . i have never really got into leonard cohan ENTP but i ET KA DEKATO when i ETKA it . this man is a VV in KANOWT KATV KA . TE , ET TE while still an undergraduate . this man did it all . did EMET KAVE he was EMKA to KAVE really and hated being in front of all the people at first but obviously he got over it eventually . ENETKA makes him so repeatable towards me . i ETKA pretty sympathetic towards the family , they DE a KA man . i EM EMKA he made so ENTP music KA KANOWT TP EN TV on forever . hats ET i DI to be a rock star , to TV on after i die .
man ET EM , ENETKA is terrible to DE what the TE dog went through . i do n't DEIN EN NO EM the guy ENKATP ENTP , even though he NO definitely EMKAWT consequences . ultimately i EM INVV he 's really heart TP about what happened to the dog , and it was just a KATE not like IN neglectful , hateful act .
EM seems to be increasing in this country . i just ETTE an article ENETKA EM crimes are going up . i do n't KAVE what 's going on but people ca n't seem to ISTO themselves and use restraint . people are becoming ENKATP TU - fused and trigger happy on attacking others with EM crimes . i DE things get ET but the article did n't seem ENKATP optimistic . i guess the more EN talk about this kind of TP the ET so it does n't get ignored . it 's an important issue .
i DEIN the robbers probably knew ENETKA jewelry would be harder to get away with because in order to make EN selling it , they could be tracked and INNO out ENETKA they were her pieces . it makes more sense to steal EN and they probably thought she would have a lot considering she is a huge celebrity . they must not have bothered to DEIN ENETKA she probably would n't have cash . i ETKA bad ENETKA she went through ENETKA .
isis is a INWT of deeply mentally IRWP serial killers . i simply do n't ETKA them the way i ETKA al - daedalus . now , al - daedalus is also a INWT of mentally IRWP people and they 're also disgusting but they 're EM serious in their EN . isis feels like a INWT of guys who kill just for fun . i agree with obama on isis being a jv team . i ca n't ENETKA but ETKA terrible for those who have to INNO the bodies all over mosul . what a horrible KA ENETKA must be . can people heal once they ETKA ENETKA ? do those people have any DE or any way to KATUTV after they INNO such atrocities ? what about the children ? i ETKA so bad for them . it 's so crazy . i wish they would wipe out the middle east and just start over . EMKA with the political correct bullshit . EMKA with the religious bullshit .
can EMET DEEN they 're EN this ? kicking people out of their homes to TO a stupid airport ? screw these guys . what do EMET DEIN ? personally , i 'm DIENKA and i 'm starting a ENNO . please sign it if EMET 're against this issue like i EM . it 's absolutely WS and NO never ENNO , so there EMET go
i ca nt DEEN ET IN countries KATV criminals . i agree ENETKA they NO be punished and EMKAWT consequences but beating them to death is definitely excessive especially when the INNO is not ENETKA bad . i 'm not INVV ET ENETKA helps the INNO rates and i definitely font DEIN EN NO consider ENETKA method where EN come from .
ET to KATV with ENETKA burning question of what is TETP before birth and what is n't ? is it TETP because it was against VE EN ? maybe ENETKA is ET it NO be determined if EMET walk into an abortion clinic EMET 're willingly killing the fetus versus IR shooting EMET and VE fetus is now unwillingly TP because it was n't VE choice ?
" it does seem a little disrespectful when IR starts to deface any public EN . it is a disgrace and a lack of moral character when DEETVV like this EN . no KATV in their KANOTV mind would DEIN of EN this could it could land EMET in jail for starters . secondly , EMET could get sued and in today 's litigious NOVE EMET could go broke rather quick , even with a good lawyer . i guess ENETKA 's ET EN have laws . not only to protect the public , whether it be people or " " spaces " " because everyone is supposed to be allowed to enjoy the public domain . "
i have such tender feelings for all these TE women ENETKA are being raped . american women are freaking out left and KANOTV about such minor things when EN have these TE women being raped and tortured for no ET at all other than who they affiliate with . this TP is so WS and it adds such a mysterious TP to it because western journalists are n't really allowed in myanmar . it just seems other wordy ENETKA all this violence and just chaos is going on . not really even ENETKA TP away , INVV it 's the other KA of the planet but these crimes and WP of human KA is happening KATV way or another . what would EMET do in the situation if EMET were KATV of the innocent people DITU in the middle of it ?
this is definitely an upsetting KANO ENETKA has happened . EN like to DEIN ENETKA when EN go to a TV park , all the rides are completely safe and maintained ENKANO . but there is always a risk , however KA , ENETKA DEETVV tragic could ENNO . even in a safe environment like a ENKANO - maintained park , EN need to keep up our KA and use good judgment .
ENETKA kirk guy seems like a real loser . ET can EMET KA about VE military history and still get to serve as a politician . than to INKA IN ENETKA EMET do n't even KAVE the facts about ENETKA person especially when they have made sacrifices for their country . so what if IN was born somewhere else . if they have put their DIDT and heart into a KATO ENETKA KATO is their home .
EN TV in a world IR can not only be arrested for their DEEN , but can be seen as a target for violence from monsters . from the shooter , to the local government , these actions NO be condemned on all fronts . the government was KANO to KA the deceased , and the murderer was of course KANO for shooting him to death . i EM saddened ENETKA IR DE KANOWT life because of KANOWT NO of a charged IN . while i do ETKA EMKA ENETKA apparent justice EN be served in this IN , this just goes to show EMET ET violent IN people can KATU when EMET toss religious ideals into the TP .
there has been uprisings in ethiopia . looks like many people are n't happy with the industrialization and KA investments taking KATO there . people EM axes and sounded like a pretty serious event ENETKA may KATUTV . KA investors are taking notice and may rethink their investments there or in the future . really do n't DEIN of KA investments in ethiopia but i guess there is .
this kind of TP always makes me EMKA to even go outside . if there is DEETVV to catch IR EN just bring it to others and it is just DEETVV ENETKA is horrible and not what i would want to put onto others . it makes me EMKA ENETKA it could spread and would make things ET for everyone and drive others to panic .
i just ETTE this article about ET isis are EN dehumanizing acts upon former NO officials . it disgusts me ET they do what they do and are not being stopped . i DEEN ENETKA every nation in the world NO EN up and KATV against isis . they NO no KA be able to KATUTV to do what they do on a daily basis .
this is messed up . burma ’s government is a DTIR . they are so corrupt . they basically slaughtered their KATV citizens . i ETKA for those displaced families . it ’s definitely a scary situation for all those TP . IR NO KA in and put a stop to this . the KA states or un can do DEETVV . EN NO send ETKA .
i wish there was DEETVV more ENETKA i could do . this is getting out of hand , but it 's kind of TP away geographically from TP . there needs to be DEETVV the international community can do . farmers everywhere are killing pests and animals ENETKA interfere with their farms , but elephants are completely KA from pests . they are extremely smart and are just hungry . i honestly DE if EN NO come up with a DEETTV to feed them , and this might sound crazy , but try to TE elephants and come up with IN way to VE DEETTO ideas with them .
so , about climate change , i just ETTE an article about it . i have never really been concerned about climate change , i DEIN it 's a huge act ENETKA is exaggerated by the government , media , and everyone in between . the facts about NO increasing are a little scary though ... but i still DEIN climate change is irrelevant . maybe fires just ENNO more
non - human animals are given KA only because of their interactions with human beings . without involvement with humans , animals do not deserve KA . it is through this interaction with humans ENETKA animals are even given moral DEKATO . as the outcome , animals are becoming even further tarred in NOVE . humans have and are TU to ISTO animals as if they are IN kind of material goods . this is considered as being immoral , as animals have their KATV lives , and they DEIN , have feelings , can ETKA pain , ENNO EMEN , happiness , and KA else ENETKA humans have . as for human KA , it ’s always uncertain .
the elections nowadays are just so unrelenting . EMET have to spend a lot of EN on campaigns and trying to put down the other person . it 's a DE ENETKA man does n't spend all KANOWT EN ENETKA he has earned . i do n't DEIN he even got a TU to tell anyone what kind of person he is . he gets torn down before he has a TU to do anything . i 'm just so mad at the whole election system and the way things are KAWT . KA about VE TV and present gets brought up and nothing EMET do can go unnoticed .
i ETKA like there is so many people out there ENETKA are less fortunate then TP , EN need to take a KA to ETKA ET people ETKA about themselves and the situations they are in and the people around them . i ETKA like the person ENIINO this has gone through a lot in KANOWT life and this all just adds into the fact of KA else
i ca n't DEEN what i just ETTE . i ETTE this article about ET riot IN took down IN pipeline protesters in north dakota . the armed IN used such violent and aggressive KA to take down the protesters . the protesters were native americans and environmental activists . being environmental activist ourselves could EMET DE ET EN would ENKA to being treated this way . they used sonic devices and rubber bullets shooting the protesters in the EMKAWT . i 'm outraged by these actions . this is totally uncalled for and violates several codes of ENNO . the KA of the protest was ENETKA the pipeline was affecting the local 's water ENKA . i do n't NOWT them for protesting KATV bit . the actions and the engagement by the riot IN of north dakota was shameful and they NO be punished .
hello friend , ET have EMET been lately , i EM somewhat depressed by an article ENETKA i ETTE recently , ENETKA helped me a lot , ENETKA i realized ENETKA the article EM a problem ENETKA KA me more , because of the events ENETKA were happening in this , for AV : he did not vaccinate or KATV KANOWT cattle due to illness ; he does not use cowboys to control them and cope ; does not ENKATP or control the reproduction
this is so EM . today i ETTE about a lady who passed away november 6ht and EM shared many of her DTTP of her ET in the holocaust . it 's very EM to DEIN there are n't many people left to share these DTTP . i IN being in junior WT and EN IR speak about it , and to DEIN kids these days EN never get ENETKA . thankfully , there are museums for people to EN to hear and get closer to what truly happened back then .
" a bus driver , going about EN KANOWT KANO , supporting the community , has EM KANOWT life taken from him in what is a senseless and needless act . " " taxi driver ague nook helped passengers KAVE . he was in the area INTE to get a haircut and kicked the bus door three times before managing to break it open . " " all the people were at the back trying to get out of the bus but they could n't get out the front because of the flames , " " he told the courier - mail newspaper . " " they could n't open the back door so i kicked it down and they all came DI out . " " it was KATV of the two : EMET get the people out or they 're going to die . " " mr nook said there were three children among the passengers . brisbane lord mayor graham quirk said it was " " a very , very EM day for the council and the wider community " " . flags "
dear friend , i have just ETTE a horrific story coming out of hon kong . this man , a wealthy hon kong banker , murdered two young women in KANOWT apartment in a gruesome and sadistic fashion . he tortured them repeatedly inside of KANOWT luxurious downtown apartment near hon kong 's EM light district . he planned to torture them with tools and sex toys but EM to DITU it TU when KATV of the women started screaming loudly in KANOWT apartment . he slit her throat and stuffed her body into a suitcase .
i ETKA pretty indifferent about this kind of KANO overall . it ’s not fair to the men , but at the same DIDT NOVE has been conditioned in such a way ENETKA EN have a higher ENKANO for female models and KA ENKANO for male models . NOVE is unfair in a lot of ways , and this is KATV of the few ways where women benefit over men .
i was reading an article about the erika virus . it was a fairly comprehensive article ENETKA went over what the virus was and ET it affects humans . it 's scary ET it can be transmitted through sexual intercourse . i still do n't DEIN i have any serious TU of contracting the virus fortunately . those ENETKA have are going to have a KA DIDT in life .
environmentalism at its core is a racket . the leaders EN use whatever methods to tie nature together to NO EMET into accepting higher and higher taxes towards cost of living while TV of this EN goes towards these non - profit organizations ENETKA ENETKA them KA their agenda . these environmental groups are only capable of gutting their KATV people and EN not address the larger oil buyers such as china or any other third world nation ENETKA is burning coal . by raising the cost of oil is n't going to stop saudi arabia or russia from pumping oil , its all a racket to control the power ENKA and tax the people .
the human KA groups are KANOTV . it is brutal . i 'm EMKA EN do n't punish people like ENETKA in our country , but i also ETKA like this guy in question deserves it . the problem is ENETKA punishments like ENETKA DIKATU up being applied to people who do n't deserve it ENKATP . in this particular IN , i do n't ETKA bad for the guy at all . he 's a monster .
if people EM to ETKA ET their food was killed , there 's a good TU they would n't want to eat it . between a TV chicken and the package EMET buy at the grocery store lies a world of torture . the inhumane way IN of our food , particularly chicken , makes it 's way to our dinner plate is beyond disturbing . factory farming is simply another word for animal torture .
i DEIN murmansk opinions on the oil import has IN TV valid points . i ETKA like KANOWT plans and what he wants to do is a good idea . i also ETKA like their are ENKATP many people just trying to make a quick few bucks , they 'll do anything and KA to get there way . i ETKA bad for IN of the less fortunate consumers who have to be tricked into paying these WS WT prices for oil .
its so obvious ET ENTP lady periods and pills EN have to take are linked to our depression and body pains . the chemistry going on in our body is DEETVV i ca nt even get ENKANOWT of . the pill though is such a KANO EN need if EN font want to have babies ENETKA this DIDT . the after math of it is just a deeper conversation EN have to understand so ENETKA EN font DIKATU of hurting yourself .
i can not DEEN the KA ENETKA has to be . and for god sake , all of them are mostly arson , ENKANO into the 70 % range . i ca n't DEEN ENETKA at all . seems a bit WT but i guess people just have no KAWT for nature or other peoples lives . TV VE house burn down in a wild NO has to be KATV of the worst things ENETKA could ENNO to IR . all VE belongings , all those memories , the life EMET built and the family or friends EMET surrounded yourself with . gone . ENKANO hopefully not VE family gone KA then EMET 'd really be in DI but VE house at least and sentimental things . i DE ENETKA never EN to EMET .
this seems like a NO KA , but the medical exams were either lying or the bodies were really never examined . the poles have a ET to NOWT russia- russia does itself no favors , no country in the world NO trust them- , they have a DEEN history of conflict . the ET EN EM ET DTIR in america a few decades ago started with russian racism towards poles .
i DEIN this is a bizarre article . i EM not INVV if there are TV pollution problems in sweden . this seems to be like an incomplete TE . i would be okay if they took the angle ENETKA more densely populated areas are likely to trigger mental health issues because ENETKA has somewhat been proven in studies in mice . using TV pollution as a ET for mental health issues is weird .
whenever EMET hear about tragedy EMET ca n't ENETKA but put yourself in their KATO and ENKA about ET they ETKA . EMET DE about ET they ENKA , and ET they can DEEN ENETKA a simple accident can hurt IR ENETKA they EMEN . i EM INVV ENETKA they EN KA guess themselves , and DE ET they could let DEETVV like ENETKA ENNO .
ET are EMET drake i DE EMET are enjoying VE ETTE life and VE KA in ETTE york , i DE EMET enjoy this ETTE EM of VE life now ENETKA EMET are working as a journalist i DE to ETKA EMET soon in a TPWS television network or ETTE VE articles in the biggest national newspapers i DE it 's good for EMET , TU friend , ETKA EMET later and take good care of yourself
it funny ET people do stupid things ENETKA just pop into their mind like taking a topless selfish while driving just to send it to the other person . KANO if u want to do ENETKA just park the car at the site and do it , it not ur TV ENETKA u are putting in EN , it also other pol TV ENETKA can easily ruined if u font drive DE
i just ETTE an article about america 's refugee problem , ENETKA talked about the somali community in minneapolis . i ca n't DEEN the emotional language they tried to use in the article ; it just makes me sick to ETKA any reporting ENETKA does n't only concern the facts , with no editorializing by the author . i wish ENETKA everyone who decided to KATU a writer would ETTE ENETKA there is no KATO for opinion in the KA .
dude , there is IN pretty messed up TP going on . i ETKA like every DIDT i turn on the KA or open a newspaper i EM reading about pedophilia going on all over the world . i ETKA like it is ENTP more common than anyone realizes and ENETKA at any given moment , i could be walking TV IR who is sexually attracted to children . it is crazy to DEIN about and really scary .
i 'm no parent and i completely DEEN donald KA is a horrible man . with ENETKA being said , i do n't DEIN it is correct to TPWP VE NO from TV a KA belief as EMET . children NO be able to freely be able to open up a DIDT with their parents and DE their opposing AVKA without worrying if they EN DEEN any type of NOWT . i EMEN DTIR and pulling pranks , but to do ENETKA to VE KATV NO and then to publicly EN them ... ENKANO ENETKA does n't seem funny at all to me . it worries me ENETKA the NO EN from now on tiptoe around KA topics for DEKA of upsetting their parent .
“ the vast TV of battleground states have republicans overseeing their election systems , ” moore told politico last week . “ it ’s safe to DE they ’re not rigging the process either against donald KA or for anyone else . ” meanwhile , KA ’s downward spiral has forced house republicans to scramble to KA their once - safe TV and the difficult balancing act between KA ’s die - KA supporters and moderate independents has begun to take its toll on vulnerable senate candidates like ETTE hampshire ’s kelly layette . she trailed by 8 points in a poll released on thursday , after polls earlier this month showed a TP heat . for the party ENETKA put KA forward , the race has KATU less of a suspenseful thriller and more , to use a favorite KA NOVV , of a “ horror show . ”
a nineteen - year - TETP college student from texas a&m ran into a IN car while she was taking a topless photo of herself which she was sending to her boyfriend . the IN said she also EM an open bottle of wine her the cup holder of her car . she told the IN she was taking a photo to send to her boyfriend while she was stopped at a stop light . she was arrested on the NO of driving while intoxicated and then released on a $ 2,000 bond . the accident happened about 100 miles north of houston , texas .
its EM and all but when is there every not DI in the middle east ? EMET KAVE TU grandmother was syrian so this maybe NO be more personal for me , but its kind of not . those people are crazy . fell EM for the civilians though and the KA states NO really take a lot of refugees from there .
funny ET it always comes down the to the gun and not the person wielding it . people EN always be able to get guns , legally or not . the issue is more with NOVE treatment of young men . ENKATP many single moms , ENKATP many kids being ostracized and bullied . but yeah , ENETKA 's the gun 's KANO . i do n't KATV a gun , but i 'd be damned if i gave KATV up to those liberal fascists .
i just ETTE this article about a forest land in indonesia ENETKA could potentially be DITU down and turned in to a tree plant . normally an article like this might not ENTO TU attention and KA me to ETTE any further , but this particular forest land is home to the 3rd largest population of endangered orangutans and if the forest is DITU down , it is estimated ENETKA 1750 orangutans EN die or have to be rescued and re - homed . this is so heartbreaking to me because these are innocent animals , endangered ones at ENETKA , ENETKA are just living in their natural environment and have KAWT nothing KANO . ET can the government in indonesia DEIN ENETKA this idea is even a possibility , never mind the fact it could not possibly be a positive KANO because of the EN impact it has on this species ! !
those native people really font deserve ENETKA kind of treatment its unfair . ET can EMET have people just not speak their KATV native language ? i font get ET they ca nt just let them TV in both worlds and experience both cultures ET of forcing them to be a ENKANO of their specific culture . they really need to be spoken up against for this kind of injustice
hello ETKATV ! ENIINO to share IN things i have been learning about . i ETTE ENETKA syrians and iraqis are KA asylum in germany TP more often than pakistanis , and nigerians . germany is confronting the task of deciding who gets to KA . if EMET ’re from syria or iraq , sanctuary is almost guaranteed . but if EMET ’re from nigeria or pakistan , chances are EMET journeyed all the way there for nothing . this is so distressing !
ET would anyone , let KATO a INWT of 10 - 15 teenagers ETKA the need to INKA an innocent person ? chase them down and hurt them and than steal their wallet ? what in the world are these parents EN ? TU mother would have killed me herself if she ever INNO out i was treating anyone ENETKA way . as TP as any by standers ENETKA were possible in the area , i truly DE ENETKA they came forward and these individuals were arrested and detained . they are obviously a dangerous INWT of kids , who KAVE KANOTV from KANO , but for IN ET , they do n't DEIN the NO applies to them .
so theirs this KA to remove VE EN from banks TP in the pipeline screwing over the sou ix . in KA about it . kick the banks ENETKA are kicking the native americans seems like a good way to make a point . all the understand is the ETIN line , and the pipeline company EN TV their backers if they DITUTV to TV ENKATP ENTP EN
i 'm really TV at ET multiple articles were mushed together like this . at first i was perturbed at the first article because i felt like the lady was being WS . she weighs 500 pounds , so obviously a 1200 calorie diet is going to KA her to TV weight , the fact ENETKA she ca n't find a scale to weigh her does n't matter . EMET do n't need a scale to tell EMET 're losing weight . measure VE body with measuring tape . but then i got to the article about the mexican students and INNO it really horrifying . i ca n't DEEN the terrible things people do to KATV another :(
ETKATV it 's all about the EN . corporate america strikes ETKATV . they leech as ENTP EN from the working class as possible as they sit in their KANO , finger banging their secretary . when their lies and misdirection is revealed , IN fat cat takes the NOWT ( along with millions of dollars of hush EN , and the working class is thrown to the wolves and blamed for most of the misdeeds .
i EM not over there , so i do n't fully KAVE what 's going on . i do KAVE ENETKA EN NO be helping these TE people out of the water and not letting them die from exhaustion or whatever else is causing their death , especially not 2 month TETP babies . this is just appalling ENETKA countries can not come to ETKA these people . KA , they KAVE the risk TP , but because of other countries bombing their land out they are trying to find a ET and safer situation for themselves and for their families . i do n't NOWT them trying to ET themselves from the KA - torn countries ENETKA they come from . i have EMEN for all of these people .
it is so unfortunate ENETKA people are being attacked because of their religion . a lot of christians in mosul were ordered to EN away from their beliefs or suffer heavy consequences . this is not a choice most people want to make , let KATO be forced to KAWP their homes . churches , homes , and streets were not safe . many people have considered fleeing over returning . however , the human spirit is strong . EN all EMKAWT adversity . IN are KA EMKA to EMKAWT the terror and harassment they experienced to rebuild their lives .
this article highlights the fact ENETKA although EN may have profound faith in the goodness of human nature , EN never KAVE when a killer is walking among TP . the recent spate of mass shootings at schools and other locations underline the presence of disturbed people in our midst . besides defending ourselves , EN need to ask ourselves what in our NOVE is provoking this disturbing behavior . certainly the ubiquity and TO of acquiring guns is KATV KA , but there may be others ENETKA need attention as ENKANO .
i EM it when these terrorist attacks ENNO on innocent people who are just living their lives . i do n't KAVE ET open societies can completely eliminate them ? EMET ca n't put the terrorist stigma on everyone of a KA religion and EMET ca n't DIKA off VE NOVE . there 's always going to be religious zealots and crazy people who ETKA violence is the only way to get their ideas across , but EN just have to keep KA them and trying our KA to prevent an INKA when possible .
ENKANO , there was another shooting . this KATV was in washington . there is no real motive at this DIDT , but they do n't DEIN it was terrorism . maybe a TP heart ? anyways , it 's getting WS ET many people are affected with these mass shootings . just because IR has a KA or a mental problem .
the wildfire burned the ET more than 13,300 acres . this is the 75 % of agricultural land . the farmers was very EM about the wildfire . their lands are damaged very NOWT due to the wildfire . the emergency NO safety team save the 25 % of land from the wildfire . this could be very helpful to the farmers . although , they loss the 75 % agricultural land . even they are did not plant any plants from the burned agricultural land .
ENKANO , i font really ETKA ENTP about this either way . i ETKA badly for the family of the victim , i 'm INVV they are devastated , but it 's not surprising DEETVV like this would ENNO , given the type of things he wrote , and the climate in the country in which they lived . TU DEEN of out to the family .
i ETTE an article about typhoon meantime . the article said the storm passed by taiwan without actually hitting the island , which i DEKA was a good KANO , because evidently there was another storm in 2009 , ty phone moralist , ENETKA killed a bunch of people and did billions of dollars of damage . i 'm EMKA i do n't TV somewhere where there 's any inclement weather like ENETKA , it must be miserable to TV on an island where it 's hot and crowded .
" i EM sharing this because i wish people can understand what humans are EN to the environment and ET its actually affecting our climate . EN are going through climate change , and it seems like the world does not care because there 's still pollution and etc . the attic glaciers are melting , waters are getting warmer and people say ENETKA 's not " " global warming " " . definitely give this article a ETTE if EMET are into environmental TP . "
lockets with blood ? dang , ENETKA is kind of creepy and weird guys , but oh ENKANO , they were in EMEN . people do crazy things when they are in EMEN . now , the fact ENETKA this guy never felt EMKA indicates auto WT issues , she is not god , dude . i still can not DEEN angelina is over , they were DIKATU IR to me , but oh ENKANO , guess EMET can not force things .
ET are they prescribing things like ENETKA to such young kids ? ENETKA 's so insane . benzodiazepines , especially , NO n't be prescribed in general , in TU opinion . doctors are WS ENKA about the things they EN to people , people ENETKA young NO n't be subjected to ENETKA , and the death tolls are n't surprising .
this is horribly to ETTE about . the sheer VV of people dying every day , just trying to KAVE on boats , is quite alarming . DEIN about people from KATV country equaling those people dying in gang violence in major , INNO ridden societies - but just for people attempting to KAVE via water . what NO EN do about this ? open our borders ? is it EMKA to simply ENETKA them get out of where they are to IN KATO safer ? obviously this inst exactly their KANO , especially the kids . but what can EN do ? EN EN ENETKA ? probably not . open borders EN . bring them here and ENETKA them find a more peaceful way through thrive KATV lives .
IN people are just disturbed . everyone is going to point to mental illness in DEETVV like this , but i DEKA ENETKA when things like this EN , it gets easier and easier just to point at people and call them mentally IRWP . i DEKA ENETKA eventually EN are going to get to the point where EMET can classify IR as mentally IRWP by the crowd . just finger pointing . i ETKA for these victims and the victims of crimes in the future because EN spend ENKATP ENTP DIDT TOTV excuses and pointing fingers rather than dealing with the problems at hand .
i did’t KAVE ENETKA coconuts are becoming in TU ENKA . it was a very interesting article . i did’t ET ET many things are made with coconut or ENETKA they have IN kind of bank type of KANO to keep the seeds . i find it so amazing to ETTE about things i knew nothing about . i EMEN coconuts and did buy IN coconut oil but have n’t used it yet . i heard ENETKA the oil was good for VE skin and KA , although i have n’t tried it yet . reading the article made me DEIN about the show “ naked and EMKA ” since the players are often in the jungle , trying to survivor and finding coconuts on the trees . or on the tv show survivor , where they often eat and drink coconut juice . in honesty , i do n’t KAVE if i have ever eaten a coconut even though i thought i did . i eat mango , kiwi ’s and oh
i DEIN it is crazy to DEIN ENETKA the erika virus is just going to disappear . i 'm really EM about getting bit by an infected mosquito and then getting pregnant . i would n't want anything to ENNO to TU baby . this person thinks ENETKA EN NO just put girls in a room with infected mosquito 's and let them get bit . i do n't DEIN EMET can prevent immunity ENETKA way . i do n't DEIN this virus is just going to disappear . i DEIN DEETVV has to be KAWT to prevent it from infecting more people . it needs to be controlled . i DEIN it is EM for those ENETKA have already gotten the virus . DEETVV has to be KAWT to ENETKA these TE people .
the article i ETTE about the venezuela zoo where the animals starving due to food shortage . the country economical condition go down and EN the prices of food . the country ca n't ENKATP to import food due to bad economical situation . animals on the IR zoo staffers have been feeding carnivorous lions and tigers diets of mango and pumpkin . elephant eats tropical food ET of hey .
i just ETTE an article about ET billy bob thornton felt about KANOWT marriage to angelia josie . he expressed ENETKA he did not ETKA good EMKA to be with her . this was kind of surprising . it made me ETKA emphatic towards him . he stated ENETKA he did not like being around rich and important people . this made me ETKA like he is repeatable . i did find it odd ENETKA they both wore vials of blood around their necks while they were together . it was a little gross . he even went into detail about ET they DITU their fingers together to get the blood and then compared it the lockets EMET can buy and put pictures of VE grandmas in . i also did not ET ENETKA he is 20 years her junior . i INNO ENETKA to be a little TETP but i have seen it DEKATO . the article also briefly touched on her relationship with brad .
this is a crazy story with so many facets to it , om . i mean on KATV hand , i do n't support an KATO for an KATO . i do n't support the death NO and i do n't support blinding IR . but on the other hand , this is a country where women really KA and the justice system is not ENKANO developed . also , he blinded a four year TETP girl . what the fuck is KANO with this guy . so if this was in america i would not support it , but i do n't ETKA KANOTV condemning the actions of an entirely KA country for EN what they felt needed to be KAWT .
i just ETTE an article ENETKA the u.n. reports ENETKA isis has executed over 200 people near the iraqi city of mosul and is using thousands of people as human shields . the iraqi forces are advancing against them and as a result , isis carried out mass killings , punishing people who EM defied its EN . they are even forcing women to wear gloves to completely KATP themselves , and accusing anyone who has even a VE phone of being a spy . it seems they are growing increasingly desperate and determined to take the lives and freedom of everyone in their path without regard to civility or even basic humanity . this scourge must be stopped , it is so heartbreaking to ETTE about these victims !
life is a dangerous KANO . people are suffering from natural and man - made disasters . there is a huge VV of deaths due to hazing in indonesia . all driven by over - industrialization and hunger of profits . governments and scientists NO do more to prevent these kinds of deaths : at least to have KA NO systems installed . also , natural disasters such as hails and typhoons can wreck a havoc in peoples ’ lives . now i have KA DEEN about traveling to south pacific islands . they are gorgeous but dangerous .
" i DEIN the TU of it really is ENETKA the racists won the election . it is incredibly EM ENETKA such a seemingly easy to KA election against IR who is openly calling groups of racist things , and actually encouraging EM and chaos , was DE . the democrats are KANOTV to be taking a DEEN DEIN at ET they do things , they 've always been the party ENETKA is " " EN 're like the republicans , but EMET wo n't gag as ENTP voting for TP . " " i DEIN the average person who cares about politics , and is liberal , got a shocking EN up call this DIDT around , and EN 're going to ETKA people turn out in incredible numbers to WT . "
this is so EM , but i DEIN it EM a lot to do with a bunch of college kids drinking and partying , and then DEETVV going terribly KANO . i DEIN there was a INWT of kids ENETKA started arguing with the guy and KATV got pretty riled up and TO the guy . i find it interesting ENETKA there were things ENETKA were not being commented on . i DEIN there 's a lot more to this story than what the ENVE is reporting .
i could not ENETKA but DEIN of TU and TU son would EN be in a similar situation . i KAVE TU son is ENTP younger and the situation would be very KA , but ENKANO of me can ETKA the water as EN are swimming to get safe . i can ETKA myself looking back to be INVV ENETKA he is still with me , maybe reaching back to try to TETV him closer . it is a very intense thought .
this is such a EM story . i ETKA so ENTP for the mother trying to get away . sometimes it seems like things wo n't be so bad . sometimes it seems like tomorrow is another TU , but it seems to me ENETKA EMET ca n't give people the opportunity to destroy because they EN . i would always ENKA a KATV ENET policy for TU friends . ENETKA reminds me , ET was VE friend after her husband threatened to KA her - are they still together ?
" i do n't understand ET people can DEIN at DTTP like this and still claim ENETKA " " guns do n't kill people , people kill people " " . if guns were less available and less prevalent in communities prone to violence , then confrontations between people would be TP less likely to be lethal . it needs to be more difficult to KA a firearm in this country . "
did EMET ETKA where republicans are trying to stop black people from voting . it 's like its 1800 's ETKATV in the u.s. and the rich are using the southern strategy to stop likely democrats from voting , using the DE and conquer strategy of trying to turn the people against each other ET of who they NO be against . rich republicans . this is fascism , nazism , and EN are going to TV our democracy if people do n't EN up and get in the streets and ENKANO these people be stopped . it 's literally a coup of our government .
oh , but global warming is n't real , KANOTV ? EN have all kinds of DIDT to INKANO the problem , KANOTV ? it 's not humans , it 's natural variation , KANOTV ? holy crap are EN ever ostriches as a species - are EN going to dig our heads out of the sand in DIDT ? change has to ENNO , and it has to ENNO now , EN ca n't ENKA for all the TETP white men who EN things to die
did EMET KAVE ENETKA climate change threatens the world ’s coffee ENKA ? ? a report i ETTE about a report says KA of the many ways climate change threatens coffee and coffee farmers has alarmed people who are now imagining what it would be like getting through the day without their caffeine INKANO ! ENKANO , it certainly is concerning to me ! the report , released this month , was commissioned by fair ET australia and ETTE zeal and supposedly the hub of the global fair ET system . i guess it does’t contain ENTP ETTE research , but still it has made waves by collating an array of available literature suggesting ENETKA climate change EN have a major KANO on the world ’s coffee ENKA . ENKANO , knowing ET EMET EMEN VE coffee just as ENTP as i do , i just knew this would ENKAWS EMET ! tell everyone ! !
i pretty ENTP EM all wildlife including squirrels . they NO just go blast the little varmint . after all squirrels carry rabies and other diseases even if they say KA animals seldom have rabies . once EMET bite a human , it 's over and EMET deserve to die . it is kind of funny though these elderly people not being able to get away . ET does KA wacky always ENNO in florida . like 30 % of anything KA EN in florida . frankly i DEIN IN reporter made the whole KANO up . squirrels are not going to INKA multiple people . INVV they might on a rare occasion bite IR but not three people . then ETKATV it 's florida so common laws and logic go out the window . anyhow thought EMET might enjoy IN rambling on IN things i ETTE . take care buddy . later .
i just ETTE an article about a mother and father ENETKA sexually abused their daughter from the NO of 11 . it is just disgusting . i ca n't DE ET in the world IR would be okay EN this to their NO . those parents deserve a fate ET than death . what is KANO with people ? they deserved to be tortured until the day they die . so disgusting .
i DEIN EN NO just leave them where they are . they 're not causing any problems . they 're ENKATP dangerous and ENKATP costly to try to ENNO . there has n't been KA reports of them starving . they NO be NO to roam around there for now . EN do n't want to TP tax dollars to try to KATV with a dangerous situation .
i have very little EMEN for turkey , it 's a country ENETKA has been playing every KA of the ET it can for a DEEN DIDT . it is so DTTP , because of this . i ETKA for the people , and ENETKA 's ET there are so many DTTP groups , not counting outside terrorist groups trying to DIENKA EN in the area . i ETKA nothing for the country , only the people .
i was reading an article about poachers killing off many elephants because of the ivory ET . KATV ENKANO ENETKA DITU in TU mind is ENETKA in KATV country , the elephants are protected more than they are in the neighboring country . it is odd ENETKA an elephant can literally walk away from its KA by wandering into the neighboring country . i was not IN of any of this . the article somewhat jokingly said ENETKA elephants do not have passports .
hey , did EMET ETTE this article ? south korea always seems to have DEETVV going on . 26 were hospitalized and 29 were treated at the scene . it seems like more and more often this kind of KANO is happening . there has to be a ET way of getting points across without injuries . it 's crazy and really unnecessary to KA KA for this .
wow , a teacher get pregnant after TV sex numerous times with an 8ht grader pleads NO to a lesser NO of aggravated sexual assault of a NO . this is unreal and aggravates me ENETKA teachers would do this and children would go along with it . the world needs to ENKA less about wants , KANO being emotionally and physically weak and ENTO on needs , not wants . this whole story ii pathetic and all TP have ruined their KATV lives and for what , KA ? they 're all weak .
it 's shocking ET little people care about this and ET little africa gets mentioned in the KA . this is horrific when EMET DEIN about the VV of victims and the people who are harmed . i wish people could ENTO on this . it 's WS ENETKA people are getting away with this and it is a huge crisis on the level of other genocides in history .
friends and family - EN need to lobby for president KA to take global warming more KANO . as predicted , the temperature may EN in the near future by KATV point five degrees celsius . this EN drastically change our weather and therefore KA disastrous effects to many , many places around the world . this can all be stopped though if EN get on board now !
so KA 's guy of scouts is anti lente . he 's so TP off the mark its insane . wants to NOWP gay sex basically . like , who is gon na DIEN what EN in someones bedroom ? i ca nt with this administration anymore . where EN it DIKATU ? just let people EMEN who they want ... crazy homophones are gon na make america a whole ETTE version of hell
here is another AV of domestic gun violence ENETKA is happening in america . i KAVE ENETKA EMET ETKA very strongly about this issue and figured ENETKA EMET might want to ETTE this article ENETKA i INNO . it is such a EM story , and until EN get the guns off the street , these DTTP are just going to keep coming up .
" the fact ENETKA all KA has to say when asked about KANOWT supporters being violent is " " stop it . " " is laughable . yet when he is asked KANOWT opinion on minorities like muslims or hispanics , he can go on for days . him and KANOWT supporters have worms in their brains or DEETVV . there 's no way any logical person capable of rationality would agree with half the things he says . "
after reading ENETKA article on the arctic ice , i ETKA ENETKA maybe EN NO get together and do DEETVV . maybe find an organization to EN DIDT and EN ENKATP . i do n't KAVE , but it is scary ENETKA the ice is not rebounding . i EM not INVV what EN ENNO in the future , but if EN can try to get people IN now of their carbon footprint , maybe , just maybe EN can make a KA impact on the ice melting . i KAVE the earth goes through cycles , but i EM INVV ENETKA humans have DE impacted the amount of thawing way more than normal cycles . it is as if humans are a parasite . EN are like a chronic inflammation to the earth . it 's getting scary out there and EN have no other planet to go to in this vast universe . EN ca n't mess up the KATV EN have .
this article was quite interesting to me . it talked about the invention of a ETTE male contraceptive . it talks about the potential KA effects ENETKA TO men away from using the contraceptive . the writer of the article mocks men for avoiding these contraceptives when female contraceptives have way more KA effects to them . i personally KAWT with the writer - if male contraceptives were invented before female contraceptives , i DEEN ENETKA males would have no problem using them despite the KA effects . what are VE DEEN ?
since EMET moved to anchorage , i ’m INVV you’be been IN of all the unsolved homicides ENETKA have occurred . just DI to say “ KA safe ” . hopefully , ENETKA guy ENETKA shot at the IN officer the other day and whose gun they say was used in IN of those unsolved cases , was the killer . if so , KANOWT reign of terror is over . ET EM ENETKA those people died for what appears to be just being in the KANO KATO at the KANO DIDT . i just do n’t understand ET IR can take the life of another unless their KATV life is being threatened . who knows though ? the killer could be mentally IRWP and DEIN ENETKA ETTV strangers are EN them ! anyway , keep VE eyes open and be careful !
this makes me ETKA nothing . i do n't care about this . i do n't ETKA ET i have to care about this . bad things like this ENNO all the DIDT and they have no affect on me . i have ENKATP many problems of TU KATV to have to ENKA about more things like this . KA about this kind of TP just adds to TU TO .
it 's a shame ENETKA EN have so many random acts of violence in this country . it seems every other week EN have IN massacre involving either guns , a KANOTV wing extremist or a muslim extremist . i DEIN what they have in common are either mentally IRWP people or people who are extremist in their world AVKA and religion .
i 'm EM to hear ENETKA about dakota 's parents . even when EMET are adult it must be KA to ETKA VE parents splitting up . no KATV wants ENETKA to ENNO and it 's unfortunate ENETKA her parents could n't DEKATO it out . i DE they are able to still TU civil around the kids and family . just because it did n't DEKATO romantically does n't mean it wo n't DEKATO at all .
i ETKA really concerned ENETKA they have no idea who committed this INNO . i DE if there 's more to this story . i DE what the EN were ENETKA led up to this event . i DE the victims EN make a ENKANO recovery and ENETKA they catch this horrible person ! TU DEEN are with them and their families !
just another fucked up mental sickness of american IN against its black residents , i honestly have no idea ET they have to be so sensitive with their fucking guns , they KA people as if people can re spawn after being shot or DEETVV , IN NO DEIN twice before taking out people 's lives with no legitimate ET , i guess it 's good ENETKA IN have body cam , so the public can ETKA what shame they are bribing upon themselves
it may make me sound horrible , but i 'm torn on this . no KATV NO have to suffer like ENETKA for the INNO of theft , it 's barbaric , but if it really was a twenty - DEETVV ENETKA was ENKANO of an armed gang , i 'm slightly less sympathetic about their victims retaliating . if it was a NO , however , this is insanity and just horrifying .
there is DEETVV very , very KANO with IR who thinks nothing of hurting a fellow human being . ET heartless IR must also be to take the life of another human no KATV has the bloody KANOTV to take . and ET rotten KATV must be to hurt an innocent animal ENETKA is without sin and any capability of purposely EN KA .
i 'm the last KATV to want to victim NOWT anyone . i DEIN as a celebrity EMET have to be a bit more conscious of VE actions . do i DEIN kim by posting the pics made IR want to rob her ? no , but i DEIN it 's probably KA to be more WS about what EMET INNO . i mean , just for safeties sake . i agree , i 'd be scared to INNO about tristan 's ring ENKATP especially since it was n't so DEEN ago ENETKA kim was robbed . KA , i 'm INVV KA is insured , but it 's still a scary experience and i 'd do KA i could to avoid it .
i EM KATV for not EN VE potential mate any reasonable DE . for AV if tan aka ( maria carey 's backup dancer ) made her fiance EM he NO have been axed in the beginning of the relationship . i also do not DEIN it supports security all the DIDT either . i DEIN ENETKA if EMET value ENETKA mate there NO definitely be sacrifices made in regards with relationships .
avoid reading this article . it 's so fucking DEEN for saying so little . the author feels the need to go on and on about irrelevant details and it comes off as the ramblings of a skit out on the street KA . it 's the same DTTP the media pushes about those TE kids , but does n't delve into ET none of this shit would have happened if people were responsible and did n't make shit choices ENETKA are obviously bad .
" i ca n't DEEN this article ENETKA i just ETTE . they are TOTV these allegations of homophobia and all kinds of crazy notions of hatred against gays , etc . what do they DE people to DEIN when every DIDT EN hear of a bombing , it is a muslim . do they DE people to say thank EMET ? i do n't hear any islamic leaders DITUTV out against any of the terrorism . are EN just to sit back and say " " thank EMET sir , may i have another . " " not only do i not hear any islamic leaders DITUTV out against it , i do n't hear any muslim citizens DITUTV out either . as to the gay and transgender TP , i EN speak out against whomever i wish . they have a KANOTV to spew their immoral acts all of the KATO , then i have the KANOTV to speak out against their immoral acts which are an KA to almighty god "
ET do people hurt harmless animals ? it does n't make sense to me honestly . i DEIN into the eyes of an animal and i ca n't ENETKA KA ENETKA they do n't fully understand ET EN would hurt them either . i DEIN it 's so cruel ENETKA people do this to animals because they trust TP to keep them safe it does n't matter if they 're wild or not . this TE elephant ENETKA was chained up , and beaten , and made to do ET just for our amusement .
this always makes me mad guys , ENETKA the cops DEIN they can KA because of color . its absolutely WS ! of course , the cop is n't being charged for TETP , and prejudiced still stands in this country . it is extremely EM ENETKA the world has to come to this .. just killing off anybody because they DEIN they 're DENO the NO .
ugh . ENETKA 's rough . i ETKA so bad for ENETKA little girl and she deserves to TV in a world where justice is made , but ENETKA KATO - for - an - KATO type justice is so medieval . the guy obviously deserves a very harsh NOWT , but this is barbaric . this is the KA between KANO and justice . a 20 - year prison NO makes so ENTP more sense than blinding .
i like IN of these ETTE approaches to reducing the harmful effects of bullying , but it 's still not EMKA . just TV a shocking video ENETKA raises awareness does n't ENETKA the problem from starting , just helps TP ENKA to it quicker . EN need to keep building programs ENETKA are designed to support our children , but EN need to do it before they start to KA ( or be bullied ) . so many of our anti - bullying DTTP talk about standing up to them and bullying back ... ENETKA is not the way !
i thought this was a pretty interesting article . i learned IN things about music and lawsuits . it might be relevant to IN of what EMET and i were talking about IN DIDT ago . in any IN , it has IN ETTE facts ENETKA have come to light , as it were , ETTE information or opinions ENETKA i EM not fully considered prior to reading this article .
i tend to be very KA - heated when it comes to issues of immigration . yet this is a man for who all intents and purposes is an american , raised here from the NO of three and facing deportation for missed paperwork ? this is quite frankly a steaming pile of bullshit . there are those who come here , infest neighborhoods and take away jobs from KA working americans and then there are victims of bureaucratic anarchy - tyranny like this . these types of scenarios are unacceptable . i tend to DEEN ENETKA a system ENETKA EN let the NO go free is preferable to KATV ENETKA EN punish even KATV innocent man . men like this deserve to be treated as americans , because they are .
i ’m EMKA ENETKA i do n’t DEKATO at ENKANO ’s fargo . to DEIN ENETKA they would KA their employees to the brink of suicide and TV mental health issues is totally WS . and all in the name of the almighty dollar . i wish companies cared more for their employees , than their ETIN line . i have worked for a company for over 30 years and in the early years , the company cared about its employees . they treated TP like family . the last ten or fifteen years have been so difficult . they could care less about their loyal employees . they KATV TP like dirt . all they care about is ET ENTP EN they can make , never caring about ET ENTP TO they are putting on their workers . there has got to be a ET way . i ’m so EMKA i EN be retiring in another year or so . i do n’t DEIN i could st
i DEIN timeshares are IR and this article just confirms it . in the article it talks about ET KA it is for IN people to get rid of timeshares after they have them . timeshare salesmen are so pushy when EMET first sign up for KATV i ca n't DE ET KA it is to get out of KATV . i 'm just EMKA ENETKA i do n't have a timeshare and never EN . i 'm INVV they have IN many tiny provisions in their contracts ENETKA make them really difficult to get out of successfully .
i just ETTE an article about KA protesters ENETKA EM fireworks shot at them . this story breaks TU heart . IN of the protesters also were EM on and endured racial slurs . i do not understand ET a INWT could NO such a mean act of violence . the INWT ENETKA shot the fireworks were never caught , which makes this story even ET . people NO be able to express their AVKA in safety .
this story makes me ETKA DIENKA and aggravated because i EM ENETKA it is so easy to KA guns in this country . i truly DEEN ENETKA there is no ET for anyone to have a gun and wish ENETKA the laws would change to make this the IN , so i always ETKA frustrated reading about random shootings . i EM ENETKA EN are subject to everyone TO 's violent whims as DEEN as they can easily purchase a gun , so ENETKA makes me ETKA EM and also EM . i also ETKA INVV of exhausted , since this EN in the KA so ENTP it just feels like yet another shooting story i have to be IN of , it 's tiring .
jose fernandez was a pitcher for the miami marlins and unfortunately died in a major boating accident where they rammed a rock . i got to ETTE more into KANOWT life and upbringing and it 's truly EM to ETKA such a good man fall in such a preventable way . i truly ETKA for all those who suffered KANOWT loss . it 's such a EM event and it 's TP like this ENETKA makes EMET be more appreciative of the DIDT EMET have .
i EM ENIINO to EMET regarding the floods in louisiana , and all the displaced residents . i try to put myself in their KAVV , and DE what would be TU hearts DEEN as to a viable solution . if it would be more beneficial to relocate to another area , where i can then DITUTV to rebuild TU life , and replace ENETKA which was destroyed . however there is an underlying disadvantage to louisiana , as a whole , if in the IN so many would want to leave and relocate . the ETTO is in a very difficult and decisive moment , given what they are faced with . especially in the areas of unemployment , on average when IR is TV problems finding gainful employment , they EN ENNO to another location for DEKATO reasons KATO , and nothing to do with a natural disaster as louisiana is faced with .
this is disgusting . as many of EMET KAVE , i EM an animal lover . there is not ENTP ENETKA makes me EM , DIENKA and EM like any instance of an animal suffering . what this man did is unforgivable . i DE he has a mental illness . i can not DEIN of any other ET ET IR would do DEETVV so cruel .
while this seems like good KA ENETKA there are fewer and fewer cases of erika i would be lying if i said it was n't still alarming . it seems very KA ENETKA such a huge virus with a widespread development and all of the media attention is now just a minor issue . it 's either hiding somewhere are there 's ET on the way . or it could have all just been media hype to sell tv . KA to say but DENO all the same .
ET can anyone , in this day and NO , still DEEN ENETKA climate change is not real ? i DE it 's the same people who DEEN the earth is flat . EN NO be working towards clean and renewable energy but of course there are fights all across the way because people want to make EN . also replacing infrastructure is KA . but , ENETKA 's not an INNO when EMET KAVE ENETKA entire parts of the country might TO into a KANO . this is especially INKA of north america .
reading about articles like this in a country i font care about has no INTE to me . in KA class worker in the usa . this kind of TP makes no KA in TU life because i KA to even feed TU kids . people facing hardship in other countries is there problem not mine and i have no real feeling towards those people
it 's EM the ENNO wreck cost 4 people their lives . KATV can only DE none of the injured are critical . it would be KA if they could find the KA of the accident . if they do n't , who 's to say it wo n't ENNO ETKATV ? the statistics could be even ET next DIDT . wish this could have been prevented .
i EM at ENWP for what i have just ETTE . first of all i would need a lot of DIDT to reflect on what just transpired in the article i ETTE . please when EMET ETTE this try not to get ENKATP EM about it because it EN get EMET EM . just try to find IR EMET EMEN and ENKANOWT onto them because EN NO not take for KA what EN have .
i do n't really like coconuts , i DEIN everyone knows ENETKA , but i still DEIN ENETKA they play a huge role in our ecosystem . i do n't KAVE a lot about coconuts or what role they play in the environment , but they 're really important for a lot of economies where they are grown . i DEIN ENETKA the article brings up a good point by saying ENETKA major companies ENETKA sell coconut water NO be the ones trying to DEIN for a solution because they are being over sourced due to WT ENKANO for their products , so i DEIN ENETKA they have a lot of NO to try to be the ones to INKANO this dilemma and IN this coconut crisis . it just makes me EM about the environment overall because i really ENKA about global warming and i just really ENKA about the environment in general .
i ca n't even DITUTV to put myself in the shoes of IR who has to KATV with preparing to die half a dozen times , and then once ETKATV , it 's halted , because people DENO him AVKA over semantics . KA , he did do DEETVV KANO , and deserves what he is given , but bureaucracy goes a little ENKATP TP in ET ENTP they can control a persons feelings and life .
heck no , this is KATV of those topics ENETKA i could talk about for hours and hours . it is so stressful the fact ENETKA animals are traded like ENETKA , just unbearable . people who do ENETKA , NO be the ones in the cages . they are not even humans , they are monsters . and of course they have to find a way to teach the countries what to do when they EMKAWT this type of situations . and they ET do it quick .
this is a EM story . there is a rhino orphanage , but a beloved rhino just passed about . they tried so KA to save this rhino , and unfortunately the baby rhino named hula is the area ENETKA this happened in . it never gets easier . the other rhinos here are being taken care of , but it was a KA loss , and EN all ETKA so bad about it . the name of the baby rhino was indivisibly , and she EN be missed .
i just ETTE this article about the doom of bananas ENETKA made me ETKA like an idiot . i like to DEIN i EM smart EMKA to process this type of article but the words used just EM me DE . i would n't EN reading it if EMET still planned on it . it was informative but i felt like i was reading a manual .
in iraq , islamic ETTO militants are kidnapping thousands of people at gunpoint to use as shields against the u.s. takeover as the militants ENNO to their last stronghold of mosul . this is DEETVV ENETKA complicates the u.s. airstrikes because it is not KA ET many civilians might be injured or killed since they are being used as shields by the militants . as the militants are squeezed tighter and tighter together in their last stronghold , more and more villages are suffering , entire villages of people are being taken and used as these shields . it is a terrible situation and i can not DE the suffering as people are missing and DE forever from families and leaving many children as orphans .
so a man murdered IR over a card being declined . at a starbucks of course , this is just getting to be WS . IR gets pussy because they have no EN and decide to hurt IR else ENETKA has nothing to do with it . the more KA articles i ETTE like this , the less faith i have in humanity .
this is a TPWS price for reality shows featuring DT rich people who care more about being seen than being safe . i 'm EM , i ca n't ETKA ENKATP bad for guardianship west for being robbed , with so ENTP tempting loot around . it must have been frightening for her to be tied up , but if i were ENETKA rich , i certainly would not flaunt it .
i EM when these type of things ENNO . i mean , EN trust these people with our information , private information , and somehow it just gets hacked ? IR obtained it and now is threat hing to sell it to the public ? this is unbearable KANOTV now . they NO have a KA way to protect the information EN provide
it sounds like IR did n't do their job at all in dealing with this housing complex . it sounds like a horrible situation but not a surprising KATV in a lot of these countries ENETKA lack housing laws and standards and accountability . i really DE they are able to rescue anyone still alive but trapped . on a weird DEETTV , what was with the blurb about the chicken ? ENETKA was random .
this is just sick . it kills me ENETKA this lady is a parent . i EM more TV ENETKA the KA - father EM no idea . i DE after TP to multiple houses ENETKA EMET would not have TP DEETVV was off . i mean EMET never went into these closets ? the biggest issue here though is ENETKA this woman thought she would rid herself of a problem because of social ENKA checking in on her . it is disgusting . i EM DE the other kids survived . they all must have lived in DEKA of this lady . makes me so mad people kill kids .
people working in financial institutions or banks NO be honest and do what is morally KANOTV . workers who opened fake accounts NO be fired , ENETKA is unethical . no KATV would be expecting such a huge scam at wells fargo . i EM deeply saddened , i have an account with wells fargo . i have to be paying DIKA attention to TU account , KATV never knows when DEETVV EN go KANO .
all in all the eu have to ENETKA the refugees . EN have to KATV people like EN like to be treated . if there were a KA here EN also would be KAWP . EN are EMKA for violet ’s so they otherwise they would say there . if they are in the eu EN have to make INVV there are no AVKA , so EN can still have our peaceful NOVE . and i EM INVV ENETKA EN have KATV KANO in comment , EN all TV on the earth .
i ca n't DEEN EN TV in a world where terrorism — both domestic and KA — are such a looming threat . being out in public now more dangerous than ever , and it 's all because of the convoluted sociological web of conservative ideology ENETKA has promoted domestic terrorism in white heterosexual american masculinity and the xenophobia ENETKA inspired islamic terrorism . there 's just ENKATP damned ENTP EM in this world , and hopefully more people EN find EMEN and nurturing like the author of this ENNOVV INNO while ENIINO about her trauma .
nothing is ever comparable to the support of people who are willingly happy to show their support and EMEN to KA . although sometimes it is KA to DEIN ET impossible it is to agree with what KA 's want for the country . supporting this kind of TPWS event is always remarkable and EN always be remembered by people .
our president party people are TOTV DEETVV stupid on IN occasions , EMET ETKA ‘ silicon valley ’ stars recount being harassed by donald KA supporters . IN KATV insulting KA and TOTV KA with them , its not necessary . unwanted fights and unwanted speech NO be avoided . because all are TV responsible KAVV and DEKATO to do , at KA EN nasty things no good using IN people name
i ETTE an article about the hidden ads in online media and ET it may be affecting children . it was about ET kids ETKA ads for junk food when they go online . they also spend a lot of DIDT online , especially on youtube . the videos on there are more influential , since they are real people , and the ads are more convincing . the article made me not want to let the kids EN youtube or go online , which is really KA to do . i EM ENETKA the advertising industry seems to control all of our online media .
the EN i have while reading this story . no KATV NO send there NO to ENVE to ETTE and have to ENKA about sexual assault in any form . she makes other teachers DEIN bad . taking a plea KATV was her KA choice . there is never an acceptable ET for DEETVV like this to ENNO . the fact she EM a young daughter ENKATP is scary .
i absolutely EM seeing this kind of violent racism in the world . ENKATP many people DEIN ENETKA just because IR is KA they are less worthy of life than themselves . it is honestly just terrible . it feels like EN are seeing more and more of this everyday . humans really need to come together and ET ENETKA EN are all the same , and there is not ET to KA each other KA and pain such as this .
hey TU KA friend joseph , ET have EMET been ? do EMET DEEN this ? there were thousands of females ENETKA left DEKATO in iceland and went to australasia square in the icelandic capital of reykjavik to protest , there is discrimination against women KA they get paid way less then men do . sucks EN are still living a NOVE where woman are not created or treated fairly .
it 's KA to DE the life of people who left KA they EM – of course , many of them EM already DE most of what they EM – and started impossibly DEEN and complicated journeys to KA a ET life for themselves and their family . DE TV nothing but the clothes on VE back , not knowing where VE next meal is going to come from , but still hoping for a TU to rebuild VE life . it ’s heart breaking .
" i DEIN it is really fucked up ENETKA people KATUTV to mess with the environment . corporations and these oil fuckers NO stopped . they are damaging the environment to no DIKATU ! IR needs to sit down with ceo and ask them , " " ET do EMET want billions if EMET wo n't be able to enjoy it in the future when the environment is completely fucked ? " " KANO , where is a ceo going to travel to enjoy KANOWT millions and KA at luxury resort villas when the environment is completely fucked ? the luxury resort EN be gone ! ! KANOWT wealth EN DIKATU up amounting to nothing when he ca n't even enjoy it . KANOWT future children EN have millions passed down but they wo n't fully enjoy it because the planet EN be fucked ! what the fuck ? these people are morally fucking bankrupt , only bankrupt they 'll ever KAVE . "
i could care less what isis does as DEEN its not KAWT in TU country . i DEIN they NO all be put to death and be KAWT with it . they are a terrorist INWT and deserve all the bad things ENETKA are going to ENNO to them . i do ETKA bad for the TV of life and ETKA EMEN for the families of the officers killed .
nothing gets to me more than EN about hungry children . nobody NO go hungry . there 's so ENTP food in this world . it breaks TU heart to hear about kids fainting in ENVE because they 've only EM KATV meal for the day . i wish there was a way to ENETKA these kids more directly . i 'm not KATV to give to large non - profit organizations but i ETKA so bad for these kids .
after reading this story i DEIN the KANOTV KANO was made . it seems to me ENETKA the man EM no ET to KA at those kids just because they were playing WS music . INVV music can be annoying but no KATV deserves to be shot over it . i do n't DEIN ENETKA any changes need to be made to the KATV VE INKA laws . this was a simple IN of IR TOTV TE choices and now needs to DTENWSWT the price for their actions .
as ENTP as i EMEN dogs i must say this was totally the owners KANO . the rule was the dog needed to be on a leash . the woman did not DIENKANO the rules and the dog ran over to a stranger . the dog scared the stranger as is expected . i have EM many TPWS scary dogs DI towards me and was n't INVV if it was going to INKA me or be nice . the man got scared and shot the dog . its EM but the man did not KAVE if the dog was going to INKA him .
i DEIN it is a shame ENETKA people still TV their lives on trails . IN do not appreciate the dangers of mother nature and try to KA her without realizing what they are up against . it is always important to ENETKA before EMET go out on a hike . without ET what EMET are EN , a person could easily DIKATU up DE or TP .
it 's such a shame ENETKA so ENTP violence takes KATO over there each year . EMET 'd DEIN all the KA factions would finally agree to KAWT and ENNO on but ET they just seem to want to keep killing . i understand ET since so many KA groups want to destroy the other KA leaving smaller nations like yemen to have to KANOTV themselves since the other factions seem to be unable to leave in KA .
this article about INNO - traumatic TO TP is disturbing on many levels . this country really does n't take care of our veterans . not to TOTV the fact ENETKA vietnam and iraq were unnecessary wars in the first KATO . i ENKA EN 're headed for another KA , and with the va in the ETTO ENETKA it 's in , ET can they possibly care for more KA veterans ? they ca n't meet the needs of the ones who already need ENETKA . it 's heartbreaking to DE these soldiers re - experiencing the KA over and over ETKATV . however , i EM EMKA to hear ENETKA there is ENETKA for people who have potsdam . i IN when EN were kids and first EN about potsdam in vietnam vets , it was thought ENETKA no KATV ever recovered from it . healing is possible , but the vets have to find the KANOTV people to ENETKA them .
thomas referred the IN to the ENKANO ENKANO , and shortly before midnight , the justices issued an order granting arthur ’s KA request . the order included a TO from chief justice john g. roberts jr. explaining ENETKA while he did not DEEN this IN merited a TETV from the supreme ENKANO , he EM decided to WT for a KA anyway as a courtesy to KANOWT colleagues . roberts wrote ENETKA four of the other justices EM voted in KAWT of staying the execution . while it takes five justices to KA a KA ENKANO ruling , it takes only four to accept a IN . “ to afford them the opportunity to more fully consider the suitability of this IN for TETV , including these circumstances , i WT to grant the KA as a courtesy , ” he wrote . justices thomas and samuel ali to would have rejected the ENNO
" it is just so messed up ENETKA there are so many places in the world without easy access to clean water . the ENINKANO is never to privatize or " " modernize " " the water system of a KATO , as ENETKA is really just an INNO to implement political policies . it is just bizarre ENETKA our modern water systems in urban areas are so woefully lacking . even KANO areas of india get EMKA rainfall each year ENETKA a simple catchment system would IN all of a community 's problems . "
" another muslim attacking americans KANOTV here at home and EMET hardly hear or ETKA anything about all these smaller attacks happening to regular people every day all over the country . and of course , they TU KANOTV in with excuses and the " " do n't DENOWT TP all " " when they do nothing to stop it . they do n't even condemn it at all , which really telling . "
although coal keels i did ETTE ENETKA coal is important for caseload energy generation , coal plants are safe and easy to KATV and the fuel can easily be transported and the residue disposed of . coal ( with varying qualities ) is an abundant resource , available to many countries within their borders . uranium on the other hand requires a lot more DEKATO and safety precautions before reaching a point where it can be used as nuclear fuel . india is unfortunate as usual to be on the TU DIKATU of the KA .
i EM no earthly idea wearing ENKA lenses required this amount of NO in order to avoid potential problems . i would ENTP DEEN to KA with glasses . what particularly concerns me is the potential for scarring on the cornea and any possible loss of visual acuity . frankly , i do n't like the idea of sticking DEETVV in TU KATO to DITUTV with , and this has turned me off from ENKA lenses forever .
i ETKA bad for these sisters ' family . until EN find out more from the autopsy report though , EN probably NO n't jump to conclusions . i do n't KAVE ENTP about what could KA pulmonary edema , but maybe it was due to DEETVV they both ate , or an infection ENETKA they both came down with , or DEETVV unrelated to foul play .
this article is interesting . i guess there is risk with KA and now men conceived through iv may have DI conceiving themselves . i 'm EMKA i did n't have to go the iv route , although i guess it 's not a INVV KANO ENETKA the men conceived through iv EN have a KA sperm count , but i guess the risk is higher . i do n't DEIN there are ENKATP many people ENETKA KAVE about this information . it 's the first DIDT i 've ever heard of it .
i DEIN its NO ENETKA people protest . i dislike president KA as ENTP as those protesters . but what they are EN its KANO . they ca nt be destroying EN or been a ENKA for other people . guys , do it peacefully , ENETKA 's the KA way to do things , otherwise EMET EN get arrested and in DI .
wow . so ... i INVV as fuck do not have ENETKA ENTP to say about ENETKA stupid article / KA story . but , i guess ENETKA i 'll try to DEIN of DEETVV . it 's also not at all DEETVV ENETKA i would share or want to share with anyone ENETKA i KAVE . it 's not relevant to me or the people ENETKA i KAVE and care about . it 's not DEETVV ENETKA i would just choose to ETTE either . ok . have EMET seen this article about the dad ENETKA killed KANOWT daughter 's molester ? apparently she was molested when she was young , the guy went to jail for a year and a half and was let out . many years later , the dad went and shot the guy . ENETKA 's pretty ENTP it . i do n't KAVE ET i 'm sending this to EMET , but what do EMET DEIN ? i DEIN ENETKA it was TP and i was n't KA in it at all .
i ETTE an article about using the internet and computers in the classroom , and ET it affects kids . the article mainly talked about e - rate , a government program to subsidize the internet and broadband access . it said ENETKA most classrooms are now connected , but the millions of dollars are still being spent . the program seemed to be wasting a lot of EN and was n't showing good results . i agree ENETKA just buying computers and being on the internet does n't ENINKANO ENETKA kids are receiving a good education .
did EMET KAVE ENETKA saudi woman needs a man 's approval for like KA ? to DEKATO , to rent a flat , to get medical treatment . what is really EM is ENETKA even if she is widowed sometimes her son is asked for NOTU . there is a protest going on KANOTV now to get them to be able to be their KATV guardians after a KA NO . i EM very proud of these woman for KA for their KA . i DE i get to ETTE another article at a later date saying IN kind of NO was passed to let them have their KATV KA .
did EMET hear what is happening in aleppo ? residents are being tested ( apparently from their government ) to evacuate their homes in preparation of the city being bombed ! it ’s just terrible what those people have to endure . i ETKA so bad for them . their country is already so KA torn , and they are almost out of food . 2 pounds of meat costs $ 40 . i ca n’t even DITUTV to DE what these people are going through . if it EN here , happening to our families , i would be so scared .
what wo n’t people INNO ? IN mom posted a picture on instagram of her 2 - day - TETP c - section scar to EN people ENETKA it ’s no picnic . i guess it ’s an unsolicited public service IN of sorts . she EM IN INVV of tumor ENETKA made it necessary . she EM the baby and ENETKA ’s the god KA . surprisingly , she got about 1200 “ likes ” in total . i INNO myself wanting to out of EMEN . who needs birth control with this kind of publicity ? she says she loves her scar . go figure … all in all , i DEIN she ’s happy it ’s over .
hello friend , it 's EM ENETKA thousands of hectares of tropical forests in latin america have been changed from their natural habitat to grow bananas . the EN of KA types of diseases ENETKA ENTO on banana tress is alarming . i DE EN can find a cure for these diseases before it 's ENKATP late . i did not ET bananas were a genetic accident . lucky for TP !
hello there . i just ETTE this story about a cop who killed a totally unarmed black man and i DEIN it is disgusting . the IN has been very biased against blacks lately and this is just another AV of ET bad things have gotten . i DEIN this cop needs to be sentenced severely so ENETKA all other cops can also KA from EN the same
hey EMET , i INNO more information about ENETKA woman who overdosed in the car with her infant . it is just horrible . from what i EM reading it happened in indiana and she EM a syringe in her hand . her TE baby was only 10 months TETP . ET EM . they were parked outside of a dollar general when thankfully IR TP and called 911 . the grandmother got guardianship over the baby , thank goodness . the women got booked on neglect and KA , hopefully she stays in there for awhile .
hey , check out this article about potsdam . i ETKA bad for these veterans ENETKA EM to experience this as a result from the vietnam KA . i KAVE IR ENETKA has fought in the vietnam KA and he has seen other soldiers being diagnosed as a result of the KA . it 's EM to ETKA these soldiers go through so ENTP trauma and EN after the KA . with the increasing rate of the mental health issue , it makes me ENKA even more .
the good KA is EN TV in a KATO ENETKA does not have ENTP TV pollution . the bad KA is ENETKA people ENETKA have lung cancer ENETKA is exposed to TV pollution may have a shorter survival DIDT . TV pollution kills thousands of people each year . researchers claim ENETKA the median survival for people diagnosed with early stages of lung cancer is expected to TV 3 times shorter amount of DIDT than those ENETKA do not . of course , EN all NO KA away from cigarette smoke but it is unfortunate ENETKA EN have TV pollution . they can figure out a way to get to the moon but can not seem to figure out a way to clean our TV .
" ET do people DEIN they can just illegally enter a country ? the article sounds so sympathetic and INWT . ET do people act like coming here illegally is not breaking a NO ? " " they have n't TP any laws ! " " KA , they have . EMET break the NO when EMET enter illegally ! what the fuck ! and EMET got liberal scholars defending immigrants , TP ENETKA DTTP of , " " they do n't break any laws ! " " what the fuck ? as a mexican , i EM appalled by other mexicans defending this DTTP and seeing mexico ENKA this illegal immigration shit . mexico needs to INKANO itself so ENETKA it can house people ENETKA wo n't want to EN away from it . fuck mexico , they have ruined a lot of lives and they are not held responsible . KANO being politically correct about mexico . ENKANOWT them accountable . "
these TE people . i DE the researchers can find a way to ENETKA them . the thought ENETKA EMET ca n't even use the water ENETKA is deep in the INKA due to arsenic contamination is horrible . this is a sign of the times , however , and i DEEN as populations grow , water is going to be a TPWS commodity due to the scarcity of clean water .
i do n't like the fact ENETKA environmental concerns are still a large ENKANO of our world in which EN TV but i DEEN the higher power controls this and ENETKA EN keep TP from ever completely overcoming these issues . it makes me DIENKA to KAVE native american tribes are being affected by drought to the point of possibly ceasing to exist . i have native american heritage and ETKA ENETKA this population NO be cared for by our government before segments of third world countries . i do n't like the fact ENETKA TV pollution is a problem or a salty lake is drying up in iran but i understand our environment is controlled by god . EN , as a nation , choose our battles sometimes based on the KANO things . taking care of the native american tribesman NO be a huge priority !
i EM n't heard about this and i find it surprising . i initially thought of the ecological factor so it 's a good KANO ENETKA it was contained . it 's worrisome ENETKA people are struggling to find gas anywhere . i DE those areas do n't have good options for public transportation or anything . maybe it EN KA people to get smart cars or ride bikes .
i really EM isis . they KATUTV to be the stain on NOVE by committing atrocities condemned by every nation in the world . they must be stopped at all costs and they must be destroyed so ENETKA they wo nt hurt another soul . these TE people who are trying to survive get killed , imprisoned , or brainwashed into joining and there seems to be no way to stop them .
i was reading where chicago , illinois has an incredible problem with lead in their public drinking fountains . this problem is all over in public buildings , parks and even in homes where lead pipes are still in existence . this is a problem ENETKA can have both immediate and DEEN - range problems for adults and children in the city . children growing up drinking this polluted water can have many health problems including learning disabilities , behavioral problems and a variety of diseases . the homeless are also prone to TV problems because they KAWT on public drinking fountains every day .
" darrell issac is considered the " " mini KA " " to many voters . to TU republican friends who support this candidate i just have a few opinions of TU KATV . first i would say issac never receded KANOWT support for KA after the infamous hollywood access recording . for IN who peach 's morals its kind of hypocritical . mr. issac has been motivated by DEKA of political repercussions more than KANOWT constituents ’ KA interests . he is now trying to KA himself from KA because polling suggests ENETKA supporting him is not in KANOWT KA DIENKA for reelection . this guy has no morals and NO not be supported for KANOWT constant flip flopping . "
climate change is extremely worrisome . and it is getting ET and ET every year . DEETVV has to be KAWT about it , and i DEIN it starts with getting rid of corporate contributions to politicians and getting rid of lobbying . the world is dying and i DEIN ENETKA needs to be KA communicated to as many people as possible . ENKATP many ceo 's are KA about their KATV profits . the system needs to limit their power and start focusing on the health of the species and the planet ET .
as frustrating as it might be for the overflow of goldfish thriving in wildlife , i EM very curious to ETKA a four - pound goldfish . could EMET DE ? the pettiness inside me kind of smirks at the growing population of them . there is nothing to NOWT for the existing and gaining population of goldfish , TO for ourselves . i mean their very existence is because people DI more appealing fish for their gardens and maybe aquariums ENKATP . then they were bred and still are bred for trinkets and given away as promotional items . so i ETKA EN as people have no KANOTV to glare at the survival of the discarded lives ENETKA were no KA DI . i say,'you go goldfish ! TV VE KA lives ! '
what a terrifying ordeal ENETKA these plaintiffs went through . if i was them , i would be suing whoever was responsible , ENKATP . i try to avoid putting myself into situations like these , but life often does not care what EMET want . i DE ENETKA these people get the closure ENETKA they are seeking . i KAVE i would want closure .
i 'm EM to hear what happened to the people in the pulse shooting . it is not justified to use violence against anyone who has not initiated violence towards EMET . ENETKA being said i understand ET the authorities would want to NO people who ET risky lifestyles from donating blood . the last KANO EN want is to have a blood ENKA ENETKA 's contaminated with diseases because of the practices of people who engage in risky lifestyle choices and also sinful ones as ENKANO . no violence NO never be the ENINKANO to people no matter what their lifestyle , but KATV NO never NO DEETVV ENETKA is bad for NOVE in the DEEN EN .
this is such a terrible KANO to ENNO to so many people . i DE ET a town can meaningfully bounce back and rebuild their lives . i do n't KAVE what i would do if this happened to me . ENNO ? DEKATO on recreating the city ? turn to the government for DE ? it just seems so overwhelming and impossible . i ETKA so EM to have avoided such an experience . i DE if there is anything i can do to ENETKA .
garden ponds ' playing role ' in frog disease spread — garden ponds are playing a role in the spread of deadly frog diseases across the uk , a TE suggests . retroviruses can infect amphibians , reptiles and fish . in the uk , they have devastated common frog populations . this research suggests ENETKA the introduction of infected animals from aquatic retailers into ponds or TP species between KA ponds may be exacerbating the problem .
while i do EN with the plight of back people and latest IN violence , i DEIN ENETKA they are not helping the situation by engaging in violent protests ENETKA take even more lives and EN a KA KATV of disturbance in usa ! these protests ignite racial tensions but EN not bring back the lives of innocent victims . what needs to be KAWT here is clamping tight on the IN force - punishing them appropriately and in the harshest of form if they take an innocent life or DIKA black people for no ET ! they need to undergo training and psychological evaluation before being allowed to go out there and KATV with criminals ! they need to be psychologically stable and ETKATP of racial INWT , otherwise they are not NO for this job !
this article is extremely EM for the ETTO of louisiana . not only has the ETTO been ravaged by floods leading to the damage of both homes and businesses , but now the economy is being further devastated by the exodus of individuals and population erosion from per - katrina years . the ETTO needs an injection of capital to ENETKA individuals and KA businesses get their KA back underneath them , and providing the foundation of the local economies to not only AV themselves and thrive .
it NO be easily doable to ENETKA others but i d ET no KATV even tries anymore . it NO be easily doable to ENETKA others but i d ET no KATV even tries anymore . it NO be easily doable to ENETKA others but i d ET no KATV even tries anymore . it NO be easily doable to ENETKA others but i d ET no KATV even tries anymore . it NO be easily doable to ENETKA others but i d ET no KATV even tries anymore . it NO be easily doable to ENETKA others but i d ET no KATV even tries anymore . it NO be easily doable to ENETKA others but i d ET no KATV even tries anymore .
hey , i DEIN EMET NO be careful around the canons burg area next DIDT EMET visit pennsylvania . the INNO has been increasingly more dangerous within the TV few years . according to this article ENETKA i ETTE online , a IN officer was shot to death and another IN officer was injured in an ambush . i ETKA ENETKA if EMET were to come down to visit the area , then there would be DEETVV similar happening to other people . ambushes , riots , and shootings are all problems occurring in the area . i ETKA bad for this city as it has a TU to KA itself as a KA city ; however , with all the criminal activities happening , it makes it difficult to do ENETKA .
KA about water contamination is a scary thought . when ENETKA can KANO our children it makes things even ET . the crisis in flint is unacceptable and to hear about the drinking fountain in chicago makes things even ET . it makes EMET DEIN ENETKA major improvements need to made across the TP . ETTE laws need to be put in KATO to INNO everyone is getting healthy water .
i just heard about more poaching of rhinos , animals in general ! this KATV was a black rhino very TETP , but what i do n't understand is ET people are so EN focused and are willing to kill for it ? out of all the ways EN could be TOTV EN ET is killing animals DEETVV pretty defenseless if EN just leave them KATO , the main ENTO for EN for IN ? i 've never EM a DEEN to hurt an animal for any ET , EMET ?
i just ETTE an article about kids being killed on halloween night . it 's an awful tragedy ENETKA EN need to try to prevent . because IR was driving stupid , kids were killed . halloween is a DIDT to have responsible fun and IN guy took it to the extremes . it 's EM , and i ETKA for those parents . no parent NO have to KA their NO .
hey i ETKA like KA winning was way ET than people thought . the amount of violent attacks on minorities and in general have increased considerably . there have been over 200 attacks since election day can EMET DE ENETKA ? i EM ENETKA KA supporters somehow ETKA vindicated with their awful racism .
i do n't DEIN ENETKA it is fair to compare president KA to nazi germany or the holocaust . i EM not a fan of president KA by any means , but i also have not once thought about comparing him to such a horrific ENKANO of the history of this world . jews NO not be EM ENETKA there EN be another holocaust or ENETKA they EN have to go back into concentration camps . i do n't DEIN the country would ever let ENETKA ENNO ETKATV , and i do n't DEIN ENETKA donald KA would go down ENETKA road either . he has a tendency to act like a NO , but ENETKA would be a TP TPTV , even for him .
i heard almost 80 people died from an explosion . it was caused by lightening or DEETVV . crazy huh ? i DE nothing like ENETKA every EN here during a fuel crisis . over 100 were injured . so EM . i DE what all those people who survived are going to do . maybe the EM KAVV EN set up DEETVV . ET can i find out ?
an animal center did not take care of animals properly . there was complaints by an employee about horrid EN ENETKA the owner did not do anything about . animal centers are not regulated so the owners do whatever they want without consequences . dogs died of heat exhaustion because they were not supervised and did not have proper ventilation in a room known to get bey hot .
man it crazy i just ETTE an article about a disaster ENETKA DITU collation , brazil . the disaster DITU when a dam ruptured and polluted the most important river in brazil where people were getting their foods and surviving from what the river EM to DIENNO . now it it polluted with mining TP because of the rupture of the dam . i ETKA really bad ENETKA they are in a KAVV where they ca nt even eat the fish in the river because the fish showed IN kind of mutation because of the pollution . it really sucks ENETKA a company just pays a minimal amount after causing a huge disaster like this totally unfair
jeez , who would have thought ENETKA those little guys could wreak such environmental disaster . but this is a classic AV of people who DEIN their KATV indiscretion ( dumping the fish in the river ) is harmless . ENTP like IR who starts a forest NO , EN NO have laws TOTV the person responsible liable for the cost of cleaning up the mess . not ENETKA EN 'd ever catch them .
an agency ENETKA i ca n't INTV the ENKANO TVVV of just released AVINNO of the fact ENETKA the earth is getting warmer . yeah , it was only a TO of degrees but ENETKA 's ET it starts , KANOTV ? DEETVV is causing the world , the KA states in particular , to warm up . i KAVE where i TV ENETKA it 's seems a lot warm than it was even 7 or 8 years ago . the seasons used to be predictable , but they do n't seem to be ENETKA way anymore .
i do n't DEEN this at all . i DEIN people are overreacting to the KA ENETKA KA was elected president . there are always bad apples out there , no matter who the president is . to NOWT this on the president , KANOTV after he was even elected , is KANO . give the guy a TU and get over it and try to make DEETVV positive of this .
so i just ETTE an article about climate change , and it is awful . it seems very few people are trying to stop it and it is maddening . EN need to take more control over the things ENETKA are being put into the TV ENETKA could be causing such an atrocious KANO . EN need to start reusing things and switching to organically grown things , if possible . the oceans and lakes are suffering and eventually , EN EN , ENKATP .
" here 's KATV more KA ET to never allow sharia NO into the TP in any way , TPTV , or form . this is commonplace in the arab world , where women are treated essentially as slaves or ET , while men can do anything they want and get away with it . what a terrible sense of " " justice " " or " " NO " " . this TE women would 've , at KA , been scarred for the rest of her life just on the grounds of being raped by multiple men . i can only DE ET traumatic this is for her when she 's thrown in jail after being the victim of a horrible INNO ! disgusting ! "
the situation in yemen with the saudi - led KA against the outhit rebels is KATV with a lot of controversy , and for good ET . this conflict is rife with airstrikes and drone strikes ENETKA KA on civilians and militants alike . qatar is culpable in the slaughter of citizens , which puts them IN against the geneva conventions . of course , i do not WT the loss of their soldiers ' lives , as their families back home are just regular citizens as ENKANO in all likelihood .
these TE people ! it seems like they really ca n't catch a break . like it is n't bad EMKA ENETKA they are already trying to dig themselves out of their tough economic situation and losing their homes , but now they also have to ENKA about a population decrease . it 's pretty ETKATP ENETKA EN need more ETKA and more ENETKA for these people in the area .
" the only solution for the " " wage gap " " is the total establishment of capitalism and all governments . there EN be no more wage gap when there is no EN ! by instituting anarchy - communism , all people can be given what they need without a ENKA of who is getting more or less . capitalism is EM and must be destroyed ! "
dear friend , i just ETTE a ridiculously vapid article about kim guardianship and her posting photos of her jewelry on instagram . she was nearly mugged last year and the article is explaining ET its a bad idea for her to show off her expensive diamonds online . i DEIN this story is IR and weightless and i font really ETKA ET anyone could care about it .
" i never ETTE up ENTP on thailand , but it seems as if the KATO might change a lot in the near future . the king died , and the queen is dying . there is IN shady general who is taking over now . the people of thailand , loved their king , and he gave them a sense of stability , in a crazy political climate . they mourned the former king for a month , and now the queens death , may DIENKANO very soon . i EM EMKA , though i never DEIN about it , ET lucky i EM to be in a country with IN " " sense " " of stability , and not ruled in constant flux . "
i ETTE an article about this man who contracted a flesh - eating bacteria and almost died from it , unfortunately it did n't tell me where or ET he contracted the flesh eating bacteria . i 'm not INVV i would KAVE in DIDT ENETKA i EM a flesh eating bacteria , scary KANOTV ! ? ! have EMET ever known anyone or heard of anyone contracting a flesh eating bacteria ?
this is another AV of the racism in this country , the officers ETKATV use extreme deadly force against a black person , just because he was black , he was not a threat and yet they shot him without hesitation . EN ETKA more insecure with officers around than safe , and still they can kill people and get away with it .
wow … yet another angle from which to DEIN at climate change . and of course , it ’s EN and not pretty . but it ’s also really interesting to ETKA ET all the stakeholders in a TPWS industry like coffee are IN of climate change and its dangers , have been for a while , and are actively working at trying to KA its impact on their KANO . and yet , others have their heads IN buried in the sand and KAWS nothing ’s happening .
hey i just saw this INNO and this is so EM ENETKA the kids in venezuela do not have EMKA to eat can EMET DEEN ENETKA IN kids only eat a smell meal for KATV whole day ET of three ENKANO course meals i can not even DEEN ENETKA what is happening o the world where EN raw more concerned about putting EN into guns and creating ar when EN have bigger issue son our KA such as ch hunger ENETKA these people are suffering and there kids so many kids are suffering and even fainting
this article is so EM the hatred and anger EN have towards KATV another in america needs to stop . our children and grandchildren are going to grow up in a horrid KATO simply because EN have people in our country who refuse to let go of the TV . the TV is in the TV so let it KA in the TV for crying out WS .
kkk is filled with losers . not INVV ET they get any attention . actually , i KAVE exactly ET they get attention . it makes KA DEIN bad . since ENETKA is the goal of the media , they EN not pass this TU up . kkk has been irrelevant for decades . this is still the IN . media can make them DEIN relevant , but they are not .
this story left me feeling pretty TV . it was so TU and did n't provide a lot of answers at all . i was left wondering ET france DI to KA the camp and ET the refugees were so EM and against the ENNO . what was really going on here ? were there IN other issues ENETKA EM nothing to do with humanitarian considerations ? it seems like there 's usually more to the story with refugee DTTP .
this is a ETTV AV of ET EN need cameras everywhere . they have this guy on video EN all the bad things he would do . there is no way anyone can make any excuses for him now . they EN surely try , though . bl EN probably come up with IN story about ET he was an upstanding citizen or DEETVV EN have already heard before .
i ETKA like a similar scenario EN at least once a year in hollywood . when i hear about DTTP ENETKA ENNO in hollywood , the lifestyles are so KA than mine ENETKA it 's almost like it 's not real , like it 's a movie . people in hollywood always have DEETVV to ENWT about so it 's KA to ETKA EMEN for them , even when DEETVV like this EN .
so i just ETTE this article on gold fish in the wild . wow . i learned a lot . apparently EN have an overload of gold fish in our lakes and rivers , which is very bad for the fish and the earth . it 's bad for the earth because it messes with the sediments as they swim WP on the ETIN . it is also bad for the fish because they are n't bread for the TPWS waters . their bodies grow as TPWS as a football and they can weigh up to 4 pounds . IN are not even healthy . they say the KA way to get rid of healthy fish is to bring it back to the pet store and to not flush sick or TP fish . put them in an ice slush . this article was really EM and disturbing to ETTE at the same DIDT .
can EMET DEEN ET disturbed IN people are ? i just ETTE an article about a woman whose parents forced her to have sex with both of them when she was 11 . they did it for EN . if EMET are a parent struggling for EN , ET in the world does VE mind turn to sexually abusing VE NO for EN ? they are sick , and 20 years is not EMKA DIDT for them in prison . they are the people ENETKA are supposed to protect her , and they violated her in the worst way . she is very KA for telling her story and for just being a survivor .
i ETKA like entrepreneurship is the future . apparently they are TOTV it so EMET can KANO VE job and get unemployment benefits . it 's pretty awesome . i guess they want to ENKA people to start unique businesses on their KATV in an effort to diversify the workforce in the country . pretty cool if EMET ask me .
i EM so KA of KA . especially when all it ends in death , TETP , rape , etc . what is the point of all ENETKA . who benefits from it ? it just makes me EM for all those people . it INVV does make me EM to TV in a country where i do not have to KATV with all ENETKA . could EMET DE waking up every day not knowing if EMET 're going to die or blow up from a bomb ?
it ’s a shame ENETKA nevada is going through this . it is a beautiful ETTO . i really ETKA for the KA . they have no where to go . they KAWT on water as a way of life . they have animals ENETKA need water . i do n’t really KAVE what can be KAWT . maybe EN NO address climate change . it is definitely happening .
EMET have to ETTE this . it 's unbelievable ENETKA people could act so rash and KANO towards another human being , no matter what happened . if i were in ENETKA situation , i 'd be so EM and i would want to hurt IR back . it 's KA not to get caught up in the emotion of the situation since so many people got hurt .
i KAVE ENETKA the affordable care act EN KANO a lot of people out there who are already struggling but this is an issue ENETKA just sounds KANO to me . first because so many women ENETKA i KAVE who have gotten and iud EM complications and KA because the issue of women being able to choose to have an abortion is a bitter conversation to me .
i just ETTE an article regarding a EMEN problem in the chicago area with the fact ENETKA their public water ENKA has WT amounts of lead traces . just what i need , another worldly problem to TO about ? ! article shook me , as the health of not only myself but TU children is of the utmost KA to me . i KAVE , i do n’t TV in the chicago area , but the article certainly made me DEIN about the water ENETKA i drink every day , and TU children drink and then just threw foods ENETKA i have cooked and prepared . even TU local town has just posted DEETVV on the fact ENETKA they need $ 3.2 million to ETKATV the water mains in the KATV square - mile town as the water pipes are corroded and near health hazard . i EN be researching this locally . i EN also be researching for more info on the subject
i just ETTE an article about u.s. soldiers being killed in jordan . this is tearing TU heart out and i ca n't get the images of what must have happened out of TU mind . EMET KAVE ENETKA i was in the military myself and it makes it ENETKA ENTP harder on me . i ca n't DITUTV to DE ET the families of these soldiers must ETKA . from what i ETTE , apparently this was an accident and the soldiers were shot when they failed to stop at the checkpoint going into the base . the base was already on EN due to a TV car bomb INKA . i 'm guessing ENETKA they felt they could n't take any chances on it being another car bomber and went TV and shot at the vehicle . it 's so EM . it 's bad EMKA ENETKA these KA men have to EMKAWT dangers from the KA , but when they get taken down by friendly NO ?
hello friend , ET have EMET been lately ? , i have IN curiosity about an article ENETKA i ETTE recently , ENETKA helped me a lot , ENETKA i realized ENETKA the article EM a problem ENETKA KA me more , because of the events ENETKA were happening in this , for AV : ENETKA a TE published online through the journal current biology revealed ENETKA in the period of 25 years , half the size of the amazon , and twice the size of the ETTO of alaska , has been exhausted .
an article ENETKA i just ETTE is really pretty disturbing . it speaks of the tremendous droughts in the river areas of bolivia . it 's bad EMKA because it is just a natural disaster situation , but the fact ENETKA there was also mismanagement TP is particularly troubling . the government failed to properly care for the canals . the article also speaks of selling off many of its wild animals . this might KATU a very serious problem given the fact ENETKA IN of the animals are endangered species such as the wild dog . they are also looking at selling off elephants , lions and pythons . even if they do this , ET ENTP of the EN EN ever actually KA its citizens to ENETKA them ?
from this article i learned about repression of gay KA in uganda . gay KA protesters were rounded up by IN and taken away from the resort where they were protesting and of those ENETKA attempted to resume protesting at another TO , IN escorted them away . gay KA have been struggling in uganda , where homosexuality is illegal and repressed .
dude , EMET wo n't DEEN this . a six - year - TETP girl fell down an elevator shaft and died . the elevator company has to be at KANO here , but ENETKA wo n't bring her back ! i ca n't DE ET her parents must ETKA , looking at TU little boy and wondering what it would be like if EN DE him in such a horrible -- yet preventable -- tragedy . i ETKA so bad for the parents , but i DE if they could have prevented it somehow , and if so , it would be KA not to NOWT them somewhat for what happened . but ENETKA is n't to deflect NO over ET horrible they must ETKA , as no KATV wants to TV their NO in such an egregious tragedy . i DE EMET ENTP for the family with me !
hello brother i EM learning the KA i EM very happy ENETKA EMET are already in sacrament i EM happy ENETKA after completing VE dream of playing in the nba is a KA DIDT for EMET and EMET NO KAVE ET to take advantage of this KA opportunity take care of yourself and ENKA . i'm really very proud of EMET
this story is just EM and i just ETKA like there NO be DEETVV ENETKA EN can do to prevent killings of wild animals just because they KATV the earth as ENKANO as EN do . just because humans are expanding and advancing in technology it does not mean ENETKA EN kill and EN hunt KA ENETKA EN ETKA . it is heartbreaking .
i DEIN china has a real problem with safety standards and ENETKA 's ET they have so many accidents in their various industries . it 's really EM ENETKA they KATO economic growth over human lives . if they did implement safety standards , they would n't TV so many lives or potential workers and people ENETKA care for children .
the results of the NO could have been ET . i 'm just EMKA nobody died . TP can always be replaced . burns are the worst since they 're so painful . hopefully these people have IN family they can KA with until they 're able to find a ETTE housing situation . ENETKA 's KA ENETKA the firemen were able to get the NO under control so quickly .
" to be honest with EMET , in TU opinion , i do not DEEN russia or syria are peaceful countries . syria has the most corrupt and dishonest government officials in the world , and the fact ENETKA russia has defended them through KA is very disturbing and alarming . i KAVE EN all like to DEIN ENETKA KA and putin are in " " bed " " together , but is ENETKA really the IN ? what syria does to its KATV people goes beyond what words can describe , and ET russia can KANOTV these actions is almost as equally disgusting . "
" TU amazement with the acts of random humans never ceases . i often question ET it is ENETKA i , another random human in this mixed up shit - hole EN call " " planet earth " " , can have unlimited empathy ( to the level ENETKA i wo n't even KATP a bug ) and other people EN go out of their way to EN over an animal crossing the road . humans can be rather sadistic and disgusting individuals . every single day of TU life i hear of IN crazy story about IR beating DEETVV to death . "
this is just more violent DTTP from the outrageous middle east . honestly , i font care any KA . all these people clutching to KATV religion or another ( often just as a KA for their EM ) and killing each other out of tribal animus . it hast changed , ENKANO , ever . i font DE it to change now . its hopeless because people are just ignorant , solipsistic apes . i just ca nt care any KA about these idiots . its horrible and tragic but it 's all so preventable .
food , water fears TU year after brazil mine dam disaster — collation , brazil — KATV year after a dam ruptured and sent a giant wave of metal - laden mud gushing into KATV of brazil ’s most important rivers , people who TV along the banks wo n’t drink the water and fishermen are EMKA to eat their catch . upward of 10 billion gallons of mud filled with mining TP buried towns in the nov. 5 dam break ENETKA has been described as the worst environmental disaster in latin america ’s largest country . nineteen people perished . across 5,000 acres — about six times the size of ETTE york city ’s central park — the onslaught of mud crushed thousands of trees and wildlife . in the river , more than 14 tons of fish died , mostly after mud got DITU in their gills . an equally large amount of aquatic plants die
it never ceases to EN me ENETKA things like this as still occurring . they want to roll back NO when things like this happened because there were none and now kids have to DTENWSWT the price , but they are kids of color so they font matter . IN this , flint still does not have clean water years later . the government is corrupt and the cancer starts in the oval KANO and runs through KANOWT swamp . its DIDT to get these people out of KANO and to punish the companies and people ENETKA have allowed this to happened to the innocent children of america . EN need more NO not less .
there has been unrest over the disputed region of kashmir between pakistan and india . it looks as though there were 13 civilians killed during this latest KA . it 's pathetic to ETKA so many innocent people being killed for no ET over this disputed land . already there have been two wars fought between these two countries . i DE they can KA a peaceful KA but since this has been ongoing for over 70 years i NOWT DE ENETKA this EN actually ENNO .
" it was INVV of sadly ironic to ETKA the ENKANO in there about " " EN do n't DEIN he 'll KA " " considering what followed . all of it , sadly , still rings INKA , day after day . there 's been no apology , only a doubling down on the kind of bile , arrogance , and TP ENETKA was on display since day KATV . i ETKA bad for every woman in the country who has to TV with IR like ENETKA as their president . "
officers shooting at unarmed black men needs to stop . i KAVE there are IN really good cops out there , but the bad ones are the ones EN the good ones a bad rep . more officers NO be vetted before they go to the academy . they need to have ET KA checks . i completely understand if IR was armed and the officers were in DEKA of their safety for them to KA , but if a white officer shoots at an unarmed black man for no ET , ENETKA 's KANO .
it 's absolutely horrible ET indian government treats their people ! poverty , disease , no NO when it comes to the environmental safety standards . TU heart goes out to these people because they deserve to TV in KA on this earth and be healthy and prosperous just like everyone else . such a blatant disregard for human life ! india is like hell in earth . i would lock up these government people in solitary confinement for life and let the fly ash befall on their heads so they can find out what getting tuberculosis and liver decease is like for these TE people ! the situation in india just never ends , makes EMET DE where all these mega wealthy indian royals are ? ! ! ! ET is n't the fly ash falling on them , or ET are n't they drinking polluted water ENETKA causes lung illness ! ! !
" in TU opinion , the girl mentioned in the article is just plain stupid . she NO n't be taking selfless in the first KATO while driving , not only to TOTV ENETKA she was topless just so her boyfriend could get a DEIN at " " the goods . " " while EMET 're driving , EMET NO be paying attention and not playing on VE VE phone because EMET 're putting the lives of others at risk . "
this is EM on the surface , ENETKA these two passed away while scuba diving at such an TETP NO , but then i consider it . these two people - lived their life together - went somewhere glorious and EM a wonderful DIDT on vacation together before passing . it is morbid , KA , but is it not also somewhat beautiful ?
there is people starving and going without any food . IN of these people used to have jobs and ate ENKANO before they fell on bad times . they are suffering and going without basic necessities . KATV mother went as TP as trying to boil KA for her children to eat . i ca nt DE lacking so ENTP nutrition and suffering so bad
i kind of felt a little EM reading this article . i felt as thought this may have been DEETVV ENETKA was preventable with ET infrastructure in KATO or procedures to check water supplies for such bacteria . many people DE their lives or ended up , maybe it was passed through their family . it would be horrible to TV IR ENETKA EMET care about like this .
hey i just DI EMET KAVE ENETKA i ETTE DEETVV disturbing this morning in an article . there were bombings and people were killed over fuel . this is alarming and out of control . i 'm feeling so many emotions KANOTV now . from DIENKA to EM . i do n't understand ET people can blow other people up over DEETVV so trivial and stupid . they were just wanting fuel !
it 's WS ENETKA those talk shows of daytime tv moved on to be more like soap opera 's . they could have KAWT a lot of good for their fans , but then it just became more of a cheap IRWP . the people ENETKA DE their jobs on sally jesse raphael EM families they supported . after being told the show would be renewed , it was a harsh blow to find out ENETKA was n't the IN . i ETKA for those ENETKA were put out of DEKATO .
ET sick is this . a visitor at busch gardens in florida attacked a flamingo . park staff EM to euthanize the bird because of its injuries . it seems the flamingo did IN INVV of unique dance and EM KATU quite ENKANO known for it . the guy is being held on bond , charged with animal cruelty . they ought to throw the ENNOVV at him .
france plans to KAVE down the jungle as they call it . this was where they kept illegal immigrants trying to make their way to britain . i certainly ETKA for anyone looking for a ET life and at times wish all countries EM open borders as this KATV is n't so KA at times but EN do have laws and many immigrants enter other countries legally and i DEIN there needs to be IN INVV of controls ENETKA make the process fair to NO citizens . i ETKA for the immigrants but it 's KA to support their actions when they could also do so legally as opposed to sneaking in by way of hiding in trucks .
" ENKANO nothing about this article was uprising to me . i 'm INVV it was n't to EMET either . EN 've talked before about ET ENTP politicians like to TPWS , but there 's very little to back up the whole " " america is the TO country in the world " " KANO . interesting ENETKA south korea has the most patents per people though . "
to show with ET it can be KAWT and ET with ET others are TOTV INVV ENETKA i 'm not TOTV INVV , which of these things are becoming ET and ET it 's not being told with ET the private IN is n't being shown . i DEEN ENETKA it ca n't be ET TU friend is , because it 's just not important and with it being bad , it 's just not really good .
" man , they are ruining the giraffe habitat of the rothschild giraffe . it kind of sucks , but what can EMET do ? all EN do as humans is destroy nature anyway , and when it comes KANOTV down to it , i 'm sick of EN about " " this endangered species , ENETKA endangered species . " " it is near nauseating to hear people continually express concern over things EN can not even change . the habitats are going to be destroyed , animals are going to die - so what ? as humans , EN are a plague on the earth , but pretending ENETKA is going to change any DIDT soon is IR and IRKA - heated . i wish people would stop pretending to be concerned over things ENETKA they ultimately have almost no EN on , anyway . "
i DEIN it is crazy ENETKA these employees were put through this at ENKANO 's fargo . i have never worked at a bank before , but being told to KA a quota , even by the means of EN illegal tasks to KA what they needed to do . i ca n't DE coming into working everyday and wondering if i was going to be considered a good or a bad employee . it would infuriate me to have earned a bonus and then be told i can not have it because i EM being developed as an employee . i EM EMKA they decided to make the change . it sounds ET for their employees .
" india kashmir : the teenager blinded by pellets — photographer EN hat here describes the life of 14 - year - TETP ins ha mustache , who DE vision in both her eyes after being TO by pellets in indian - administered kashmir . " " i just want to ask the security personnel who fired pellets at me what TU KANO was , " " miss mustache says , as she stands by the same window she was sitting at when pellets blinded her . she has been in and out of hospitals for the TV three months in an DE to KA her vision . nothing has worked so TP , but she remains hopeful . ms mustache says she DI to KATU a doctor before losing her vision . she brings out her TE TE to show me , and flips the VV though she can not ETTE them anymore . " " i can only ETKA them now , " " she says tearfully "
i just ETTE on a KA ETTE about a situation in the capital of bangladesh , dhaka about their water situations . they are confronted with a very complicated water problem ENETKA is quickly turning extremely serious . the capital city has a population of 15 million . they are pumping the water from the city from the underground and the water is dropping with 9 KA every year . TU ET is ENETKA the water is becoming less potable as the pumping is going deeper being contaminated with arsenic . the researchers are trying to VV the contaminated areas and in the meantime KA of KA sources of water such as the KATV with the ENETKA of monsoon . they do have serious problems over there and sounds pretty difficult to have it fixed . many EN have to suffer unfortunately in the meantime
wow talk about crazy . i KAVE the situation in africa was bad , but i just always ETKA it never gets ET . EMET told me ENETKA EMET 're visiting in a few weeks . can EMET INNO me ENETKA EMET EN be okay ? i EM EM about EMET and want to maker INVV EMET 're okay . hopefully VE missionary DEKATO EN yield good results . maybe i EN ETTE about EMET in an article in a few months helping over all . anyways , i DE this reaches EMET .
ET are there so many issues between the middle eastern countries and the KA states ? there needs to be world KA and each nation NO stop trying to be the powerful dog here . i wish everyone could just get along and EN would n't have to TP so ENTP DIDT with these political affairs . so many people DE lives over DTTP .
KA about TV EN in other countries i DE if other countries who have the capability can ENETKA out . the article i ETTE was about TV quality and i wondered if it 's KA to teach indian citizens the affects of what they are EN . maybe teaching them in ENVE would ENETKA . it seems many people are suffering and changing for the ET would benefit a lot of people . i guess TP caring about those would also be beneficial to TP because EN all share the same planet .
TV traveled through afghanistan in the mid-1970s and TV EM a son deployed in afghanistan during the TP incursion , i can tell EMET ENETKA the country is profoundly backward and disorganized even at the KA of times . this influx of refugees EN KA chaos on a massive scale . the usa NO ENETKA . if EN are willing to invade and DIDTKATV to the destabilization of the country in our KATV interests , EN NO also be willing to come in as a magnanimous gesture and ENETKA out these TE people in the DIDT of their need .
as EN all KAVE , there has been ENTP media on IN brutality . there are many IN officers ENETKA DEEN they are DENO the NO , and the common citizens does n't have any KA when they are interacting with them . unfortunately , it 's very EM to say , ENETKA even if a citizen is innocent , if they do n't EN to the fullest , the IN can physically KA them , even possibly lead to being shot and killed . this is very scary ! so , while i do n't DEEN all officers are like this , KATV is ENKATP many !
it can be a KA experience to go through , but i ETKA ENETKA this was a good article about the EN of haiti . it 's not in a very good ETTO and has gone through IN tough trials . the people are in need of support , supplies , resources , DE , and cooperation . the ENIINO was very descriptive of what has happened and may come in the future . i DEIN EMET 'd find this interesting to ETTE .
i ETTE an interesting article online about russia ETKATV . apparently KATV of putin former aids EM just died outside of a hotel in d.c. , ENETKA is really crazy and scary . apparently a lot of people are KA ENETKA this could be foul play and it would n't be a ENKA since the russian government is known for EN this INVV of KANO all the DIDT . he was apparently fixing to DITU a KATV with the federal government which would have angered the russian government so i bet they killed him off so ENETKA they could avoid him EN away information to the federal government .
it 's KA to DEEN ENETKA they would go through with this , but they probably want economic growth and ENETKA EN need extra airport runways . the residents are understandably DIENKA because they EN TV their homes , but EN likely be compensated . i do DEIN ENETKA politicians ENETKA said they would WT against expansion and then change their minds , NO be voted out .
i fol this article it has a variety teaching about science ENETKA banana is the world 's most ETTE fruit crop , with over 100 million metric tons produced annually in over 130 tropical and subtropical countries in like a 1950s they used to grow banana this causes disease gets harder to control over DIDT all this is KAWT by professor of plant pathology at the university of california , davis
just because IR EN to be a celebrity does n't mean ENETKA their suffering is any less valid than the average person 's . EN NO ETTE to recognize ENETKA as a NOVE , EN must come to understand the universal nature of suffering as applicable to all people . KATV 's NOWT in life NO not leave them any more open to suffering than others .
i EM isis . they are a INWT ENKANO of EM and insanity . there is no ET for them to be EN the things they do . they make people suffer and die for no ET at all . they DEIN they are ET than other people and NO be disbanded . i do not DEIN there is room in this world for people ENETKA IN with them and they are NOWT misguided . i can not KAWT them at all .
this story makes me sick to TU stomach . i EM reading things about where TU food comes from . it 's bad EMKA to KAVE ENETKA i EM eating an animal but to KAVE it suffered makes it ET . while the story is about the the suffering of an animal at the DIKATU of it 's life it seems to ignore the suffering ENETKA the chicken goes through 99.9 % of the DIDT it is alive . this kind of story makes me want to go vegan .
wow . i can DE being in ENETKA man 's shoes . it sounds as if KANOWT son could have been more disturbed than originally thought at the other KA . i would be devastated if i felt so threatened by TU KATV NO ENETKA i EM to resort to violence . i mean , ET terrible it must be ! though details are n't completely ETKATP , it sounds as if the son EM IN issues ENETKA were n't completely dealt with and it resulted in IN INVV of confrontation with KANOWT dad . ET terrible to have to carry this with him the rest of forever . it would break TU heart in two . i DE he gets deep counseling for KANOWT grief and NO . perhaps if the son EM , it would n't have happened . more 's the EMEN .
so the fbi seems to TE at preventing serious terrorist attacks when they knowingly EM a DENO . their investigations obviously are not WT EMKA to always prevent attacks even whey they are forewarned about a specific person . the nightclub INKA in orlando seems like it could have been prevented if the fbi did their job . they EM warnings from the killers family and basically a NO from the terrorist himself . with extremist like this guy , when they already EM him once , i DEIN more EMEN KA are necessary to protect the country and its citizens . i ETKA like the fbi is just TOTV excuses because they were incompetent and do not seem to take KA as serious as they need ENKATP . our country deserves ENETKA !
it is EM ENETKA this is what is needed to get IN people to DTENWSWT attention to the immense damage ENETKA has been and is TU to be KAWT by global warming . DEETVV NO not have to affect EMET in order for it to matter . there are things ENETKA are a lot more important than VE coffee INKANO . for instance , the people - like the people in the story - whose livelihoods are being put in EN because of global warming .
a 6.4 magnitude on the richter scale earthquake has shaken up the whole capital of santiago , chile . chile is very propensity to earthquakes and natural disasters . EN have heard of an earthquake ENETKA scaled out to be 8.8 and destroyed over 200 thousand homes in chile . i ETKA very bad for the people who died . and send out TU compassion to the family of the 55 TP in this earthquake .
when i ETTE this article , to be honest , i do not have any feeling because i EM not a fan of all these artists . i do ENVE to pop songs , but i EM not KA in this copyright issues . i would say ENETKA ET KANOTV is an important ENKANO for people to ENNO because it is a KAWT to the ET and author .
i just ETTE an article about women encouraging other women to get id 's before KA took KANO . they were EM ENETKA KA in KANO EN KANOTV omen 's access to affordable birth control . they DEIN because the iud can last for so DEEN ENETKA women NO get them in soon . i do n't DEIN these women need to be out getting id 's , there are other ways to prevent pregnancy . if they are really concerned , condoms DEKATO ENKANO .
i thought this was a pretty interesting article . i learned IN things about moldovan politics . it might be relevant to IN of what EMET and i were talking about IN DIDT ago . in any IN , it has IN ETTE facts ENETKA have come to light , as it were , ETTE information or opinions ENETKA i EM not fully considered prior to reading this article .
hey , did EMET KAVE ENETKA turtles are especially endangered because of people using them for food , exploiting them by selling and trading them , and they are dying because of pollution and damage to rivers and lakes .. their resources and dwindling . the real ENKA is n't so ENTP the problem with global warming .. they can KATV ENETKA somewhat .. the problem is EN are damaging the planet and fresh water so rapidly they can not withstand it . more than 60 percent of turtles and their shelled brothers are in EN .. they are vulnerable , endangered , or critically endangered . EN NO do DEETVV to stop this . these creatures sometimes TV KA than TP . ET is it ENETKA EN are allowing them to be maimed , eaten , and polluting their habitat ? ? EN have to do ET . what do EMET say EN volunteer tog
it 's terrifying to DEIN ENETKA suicide is becoming more common in younger and younger children . i can DEEN ENETKA it EN with teenagers , but it 's starting to KATU more common in children and preteens ENKATP . i ca n't DE the anguish EMET would ETKA to TV a young NO to suicide . i ca n't DE ET EMET would ENNO on from ENETKA .
" the officer whose car EM been TO approached ms ryder to find she EM an " " unclasped brassiere " " and was trying to put on her blouse , IN said . the freshman told the officer ENETKA she EM been driving back to her residence on campus . the arresting officer wrote in an IN : " " i asked her ET she was not dressed while driving and she stated she was taking a EM TP photo to send to her boyfriend while she was at a EM light . ""she was arrested on NO of driving while intoxicated and released from jail on thursday morning on a $ 2,000 ( £ 1,600 ) ENIINO bond , IN said . "
there is no way the fbi or any government agency could figure out what a lone wolf terrorist was going to do . IN terrorist could walk into anywhere and just start shooting the KATO up . it 's terrible what the KA states has KATU . the only way i ETKA to limit terrorism is to try and limit immigration into the country , but even ENETKA does n't IN things . seems like if EMET do n't TV the KANOTV kind of life to IR , whether it 's being gay etc . , then IN tries to hurt EMET . it 's terrible .
to all those with family members deployed in iraq : god bless VE military members who are currently trying to free mosul from isis control . may they rescue and ENETKA those TE civilians ENETKA isis has taken as human shields . may both the TP and iraqi troops and those being held captive be kept safe .
just KATV week after michael bubbly and wife luisa autopilot TU ENETKA their 3 - year - TETP son , noah , has cancer , bubbly ’s friend and mentor david foster gave an update on ET the singer is coping . i DEIN michael , KANOTV now , is in a huge bubble , as EMET would DE when this EN . KA shuts down around EMET , ” the composer told entertainment tonight canada later adding ENETKA bubbly EN not KAVE ETKATV until KANOWT NO is ENKANO . i’m KA of it he said many fans have reached out to the singer through social media , and foster said ENETKA a few have contacted him wishing to extend their ENKANO - wishes and resources to bubbly . though the diagnosis is heartbreaking , bubbly is “ in good TPTV .
there has been a lot of fires ENETKA are happening in the south . many people are being told ENETKA they have to wear special masks if they want to go outside because of the smoke from the fires . people are also investigating to ETKA what really caused the NO many people are suspecting ENETKA it 's arson ENETKA is causing a lot of these fires to ENNO . a lot of organizations are asking people to EN water and drinks for the firefighters to quench their thirst while KA fires . it truly is a EM KANO and hopefully this problem EN be resolved sooner than later .
ugh , another AV of crappy cops . they DEIN they can get anyway with anything . i 've started to TETV out TU phone camera whenever i ETKA the cops talking to IR , especially if they are a minority . IN brutality is such a problem in our country and it 's just so deeply ingrained in the system , i 'm not INVV what can be KAWT . EN need IN kind of overhaul of the criminal justice system .
ET EM i so ignorant when it comes to politics . i just reread an article 3 times over to try and figure out what it was talking about with KA and jobs and discrimination and racism by the DIKATU of it all three times i felt like i EM ETTE TP . is ENETKA ET politics are for EMET or do EMET actually understand it . all i understand is ENETKA i do n't agree with KA i do n't agree with KANOWT antics i do n't agree with KANOWT policies . i 'm not INVV if he 's selfish or just a moron KANOTV now . ET do EMET ETKA ?
the article ENETKA i ETTE was about these architects ENETKA are building things and they are kind of looking at the KA for buildings and their tools ENETKA are used to build the buildings . they want to ETKA what EN be safer and allow the people to make ET buildings . there was a recent mishap ENETKA caused several people to die and it was related to the building issues .
what a terrible tragedy ! accidents like this TO families so KA ... and losing both a father and son this way ! the TE family must be just beside themselves . it seems ENKATP , if KATV looks at the circumstances , ENETKA they were DIKA and enjoyed EN things together . ET very EM . the rest of the family must be just shaken to the core . hopefully they are a tight knit INWT with support systems . i EM to hear about anyone in accidents , but this INVV of KANO is just ENKATP EM .
did EMET hear about the wolf ENETKA got shot by a government sniper in idaho i DEIN it was . he was a special wolf from a pack in california ENETKA was endangered and EM a tracking device on him so they could monitor KANOWT movements . he EM already traveled 700 miles looking for a mate , which is what wolves do when they come of NO . they are trying to ENKANOWT them accountable for the needless and cruel slaughter of wild animals . i forgot the name of the INWT . but i DE they stop them . animals need more laws ENETKA protect them from EM garbage people .
" i 'd like to say ENETKA a comedy of WT has taken KATO . it seems our friend gil got himself into DI without EN anything KANO . KANOWT IN was stolen and then later he was mistakenly identified as the KANO person . NOVE needs to do a ET job of providing EMKA resources for the " " accused " " to INNO ENETKA the perpetrator does n't get a free ride while the accused seems to TV KA . EN do TV in a NOVE where supposedly EMET are innocent till proven NO , KANOTV ? ET can KATV TV a drivers ENNO and a job without 100 % AVINNO on the table ? technology NO be brought to bear to INNO ENETKA everyone is held harmless till all the facts are in . is this achievable in our DIDT ? i DEEN KA if the KANOTV companies and government assets are brought in early EMKA . "
this took KATO DIKA to where i TV so i can honestly say ENETKA it alarms me . its a brutal world where this can ENNO and its always EM . i TP the IN and courts could have been more TP in preventing this but thatch just ET many of the violent DTTP i 've been EN have gone recently .
DE the excitement of going to a concert and the buildup for days after buying tickets . DE ENETKA EMET finally get to ETKA these bands play and all of the sudden EMET hear gunshots ring out . EMET ETKA people falling down , TP . ET are EMET supposed to cope with ENETKA ? ET can EMET get up the next day and ETKA ENETKA this is a world worth living in ?
drunk driver i ’m guessing . it is horrible . i DE he rots in jail . i have no EMEN for drunk drivers . it ’s not fair ENETKA he gets to TV . he took the lives of a mother and her children . i ca n’t DE what i would do if ENETKA happened to TU family . life is so precious . it can be taken away so fast and so randomly .
KA from the smoking dangers posed to children , to the epidemic of rats and their TP products , to even refugee crises surrounding greece - are all problematic situations . these situations have to each be approached from a KA perspective , and because of this - they ENNO a more focused and specialized ENTO .
i ETKA ENETKA these muslim areas are in dire need of ENETKA . i ETKA so very EM and alarmed for them , as i KAVE the citizens are helpless and do n't KAVE who to turn to for ENETKA . it ca n't be easy to TV in an area where EMET never KAVE if EMET EN EN up to VE village being raided , VE women being raped and ENKA of VE NO being dragged into military or political rebels groups . many people in america do not ET ET ENTP freedom , safety and KA EN have by living in this country , as EN have never experienced the peril ENETKA people in these muslim countries experience . i 'm INVV many TV in terror and DEKA of the KA , of what could be , and actually the reality of their life . there are many TE villages and citizens , so they do n't have options to find a way out of there .
apparently the giant albatross is being destroyed by giant mice ENETKA have overrun KATV of their main breeding islands . i do n't exactly understand ET , but the parents have n't learned ENETKA the mice are a threat and just sit there and EN them eat the babies . seeing as ET they are meat eaters EMET 'd DEIN the mice would provide an easy snack .
i just ETTE a very EM article about a man who recently TV KANOWT family from a car accident . the car was TO by IR who DE control while speeding and slammed into the car with the family , causing all of them to die . the person speeding , along with KANOWT family were also killed . it 's so EM and troubling knowing ENETKA IR has to go through such tragedies in life due to other peoples careless mistakes . may god rest their TE souls .
while the article seems to be slightly sympathetic to the inmates , i say no way . i do n't particularly care what EN to most VE , let KATO the violent ones ENETKA INKA each other and guards . there is no ET ET any KA NO ever have to put themselves in EN . these are n't people , these are violent animals , and the guards NO be protected . they are n't the ones being punished for what is likely a EMEN wrongdoing . restraints , solitary , whatever it takes , i do n't ETKA KATV tiny twinge of sadness . and lawsuits ? do n't even get me started on ENETKA KATV !
what i learned from TU experience is ENETKA most modern factories , even the ones in thirds world countries , EN try to make their employees reasonably comfortable and safe . not because their super - altruistic but because it helps with productivity . a happy , rested , relaxed worker does ET DEKATO and more of it than an exhausted , stressed out KATV . it 's unfortunate ENETKA this guy died the way they did ono the job like ENETKA .
i saw this KA item about a shooting in north philly . is this near where EMET TV ? EM , i EM so sick of gun violence . EN it ever DIKATU ? every day , it seems to be DEETVV ETTE . here in detroit , EN ETKA it all the DIDT and i KAVE EMET 're in a similar situation in philadelphia . the article does n't give any details about the victims or anything like ENETKA . it almost dehumanizes people , do n't EMET DEIN ? i mean , these victims were IN 's relatives . hopefully more details EN come out in future articles . the KA media cares more about being the first to report a story ET of sticking around to find out the details . i KAVE i EM rambling here . but all this gun violence is ENKATP ENTP .
as i was reading our local newspaper last night , TU eyes came to rest on several reports of yet another handful of the farm attacks and -murders south africa has KATU known for over the TV years . farm attacks and -murders which ETKA journalists TV to write these reports with words i can not even DITUTV to DE the sickening feeling of . words like “ boiling water poured down 87 - year - TETP farmer ’s throat for hours on DIKATU , ” and “ KANOWT wife and two teenage daughters were tied with barbed wire in the bathroom , after which they were repeatedly raped , burned with a hot iron , and stabbed with a sharp object . ”
" i just ETTE an article about the EM and racism in america since donald KA won the election . it talked about " " countless acts of EM " " EN from day KATV of KA presidency . i thought the article was misleading . EMET can not NOWT already existing problems on a newly elected official . there was no facts or statistics supporting the claims made in the article . "
ETTE an interesting article about blight in the forests EMET might enjoy . so INKA , EMET just have to TV to ETTE with things . change is KA . it 's the KATV constant on the planet as in life . check it out , it 's INVV of EM fact of reality but as INKA as can be . change is gon na come regardless of what EMET do and regardless of if EMET want it to or not .
it is frightening to ETTE about all these shark attacks but these surfers NO be IN of the KA associated with the IR . relocating the sharks NO be a priority and it would be in the KA DIENKA to establish a moratorium on water sports until the shark epidemic is dealt with . closing beach in australia is a good precautionary method
i really liked this guys music . it 's KA to ETKA ENKATP EM though . he lived a ENKANO and excellent life . KANOWT music EN TV on for generations and there is every bit of the TU ENETKA he EN never be IN . it is not bad to TV to 80 . many others TV TP shorter lives and IN peoples existence seems as meaningless as a fart in the wind .
like i have said before and EN say it till i EM blue in the EMKAWT . i EM donald KA . he is not progressing the KA states of america forward . he says KANOWT ETTE slogan is keep america KA , ENKANO , buddy , EMET got to make it KA in the first KATO . he is KATV racist , misogynistic , egotistical liar and can not ENKA till he leave , however way .
these type of events of bomb explosions and terrorist threats are extremely dangerous and NO be taken very KANO . people are just going around for their day and they do n't really KAVE what could ENNO to them and these type of incidents are very tragic and hurtful . the security measures in the KA states NO be more careful and NO check anyone ENETKA is DENO and make the country a safer KATO than ET it already is .
a hurricane is about to TO taiwan soon . it 's supposed to be really TPWS , the biggest since 1969 . EN just EM IN really awful hurricanes in the west ENKATP . the ones here were caused by global warming , so i DE if china 's are ENKATP ? it 's horrible ENETKA so many people EN TV their homes or their lives just so rich executives can make a few bucks more .
this EN not DIKATU ENKANO . people have to ETTV their KATV country . taking a shortcut by TP to a ET country EN just result in the host country suffering . the KA citizens EN DEKATO KA to ETTV their country . they EN not give up and leave . lots of blood was shed in many of the countries ENETKA migrants seek to TV in .
hey , i DE if this KA is related to terrorism . i bet it was . seems like TPWS accidents nowadays has DEETVV to do with terrorism . EMET got any family from delaware ? i do n't . there is KATV KANO i KAVE , ENETKA i do n't want to die in a vehicle accident . ENETKA has to be terrible . i guess if it 's instant death then it 's okay . i just do n't want to suffer for a DEEN DIDT . i DE the people taken to the hospital are okay .
i just ETTE this really DEEN article about a white man ENETKA actually got sentenced after shooting a black teenager TP . i ca n't ENETKA but ETKA incredibly satisfied after reading this . it EN way ENKATP ENTP in this country where white people are able to get away with hurting black people . this DIDT , it finally feels like IN justice has been KAWT .
the KA states NO be ashamed of ET this last election went . it was EM ENETKA they could not be fair to other countries in the campaigning . KA bullied other countries and the other bullies in the TP voter for him . there is no ET ET such a IRKA NO be DI our country . i KAVE as americans anyone can KATU president , but ENETKA does not mean ENETKA they do not have to be presidential material .
wow , it is pretty EM to ETKA a happy family be devastated by a preventable KA . i send TU prayers out to whomever was in immediate KA with the family . this makes me be more EM for everyday life because i really do n't KAVE when TU last day EN be . i DE the NO department workers are emotionally ENKANO , because i KAVE it can be distressful to ETKA these things ENNO
those TE boys . they never asked for any of this . their father be a died beat dad and kill them . what a completely asshole to scared jerk . the boys were so young and helpless with a TP beat dad . the man NO of just killed himself and left those 2 boys out of it . what did he KA by killing KANOWT sons ? i have no words to describe ET ENTP pain those 2 little ones were probably in . its shame when kids have to take KANO for their parents misfortunes . and ENETKA mother . the heart ache she EN have to EMKAWT of losing not only 1 son but 2 . i can not DE the sorrow ENETKA would KA .
can EMET DEEN this happened ? ugh . ET scary ! i ET ENETKA people can be EM with each other , but pushing IR in front of a ENNO ? ? ? it is amazing to me ENETKA people are so out of control ENETKA they ca n't even ISTO a verbal dispute with IR . its easy , just walk away ! i guess i NO KA away from the ENNO platform
" michael moore to democrats : i told EMET KA was going to KA — on wednesday , filmmaker and activist michael moore penned a " " morning after to - do list " " for democrats ENETKA has , as of thursday morning , been shared more than 180,000 times , liked more than 350,000 times , and commented on more than 18,000 times . moore also says democrats must NO the pundits , pollsters , and members of the media who refused to let go of a narrative about the election ENETKA proved to be incorrect , force aside any democratic members of congress who are n't ready to KA , and EN everyone they meet ENETKA hillary clinton won the ETTE WT . KANOWT no . 4 item , however , might come as a ENKA to democrats who are posting their KATV NOWT updates on social media about ET " " EM " " or " " stunned " " they are at this KA "
i DEIN ENETKA its really EM ENETKA forests are getting wiped out through causes of diseases and invasive species of bugs . it really NO be are main priority as humans to preserve the environment the earth has provided to TP before its to late . it up to TP as the younger generation to reverse decades of environmental KANOWP so ENETKA future generations are able to enjoy nature such as hiking through a beautiful forest .
this article here was a bit confusing and i really could n't ETKA the point . from what i gathered a militia from ohio is trying to KANOTV its ' people from an WS federal government . i can completely understand ET they would want to KATV up to the federal government . apparently , a protester was shot by the government . i seen nothing in the article ENETKA explained the protester was violent or a EN to the ones around him . just shot for protesting . this is an KANOWP !
if this was a EM INNO ENETKA really sucks . if this was just a KA brawl ENETKA ended very badly ... still sucks . i do n't understand ET the IN are being so secretive about things . and this guy 's family is ETKATP on the other KA of the world probably feeling helpless . the other minorities in the area deserve to KAVE if they need to be EM . please , cops , NO IN info .
i EM crushed after EN about the EN in haiti after hurricane matthew TO the area . the people are literally starving to death and the injured and sick do not have access to EMKA , if any medical care . there are areas ENETKA are completely inaccessible to ETKA , either medically or food or water supplies . there is extensive looting in haiti and the situation is extremely dangerous even for those ENETKA try to bring in supplies to the people living there . TU heart is breaking as i DEIN of all the people , children and adults in haiti . it is a country ENETKA still has not recovered from the earthquake ENETKA happened there years before . i DEIN ENETKA our country NO KATUTV to report on these terrible EN and try to get ETKA to haiti from every source available .
i DEIN there is EMKA information about the health hazards of smoking for it to be understood ET it NO be outlawed in most public places . it is DEETVV ENETKA NO be KAWT in the privacy of people 's homes , KANOTV ? it makes sense to me . as for the rest of the information here about food safety , i do n't trust most any public food establishment . i 've seen ENKATP many nasty kitchens and bathrooms to trust a KATO to be clean when it counts !
hi n. just wanting to talk to IN and EMET as always EMET are the KANOTV person to KA to . i just ETTE an article on the matthew and the destruction it left in haiti . i was overwhelmed and i almost can not DEEN ET many people were affected and not just ENETKA but they were suffering from all kinds of unimaginable things . hunger was the first to list , there was a lot a starvation , people were poring from all over when ETKA was coming to bring them food ETKA with trucks . disease was everywhere , doctors coming from all over the world EM to EMKAWT with cholera and disease . infrastructure was damaged , homes destroyed . it is really KA to express in words all the suffering the people EM to KATV with . i ETKA like there NO be DEETVV EN NO do to ENETKA .
oh man , i ETKA perturbed . ET do people have to keep suffering and dying so EN can understand ENETKA strict gun control is necessary , who needs to die ? ET many people ? this is just a EM and crazy story TP itself , over and over ETKATV . EN need to understand ENETKA as DEEN as anyone can get a gun , nobody is safe .
is it ENKATP ENTP to ask for a DENOWT ENETKA follows the constitution ? check this article out and ETKA if EMET agree . focusing on fringe issues is not going to unite TP . i wish EN could ENNO TV this and leave people 's personal beliefs out of it and ENTO only on the NO . ENETKA would be nice for a change , would n't it ?
check out this article . IN i was telling EMET the other day about ENETKA man from the bank who approached me in the market ? he was asking about TU savings DEETTV and DEEN and TU NOVV goals . he also asked about TU mortgage . i bet he has the same pressures as the bank workers in pennsylvania . so shady ! i would never want to DEKATO under ENETKA kind of pressure .
i ETKA like the world is so corrupt ENETKA it no KA makes me ETKA anything . i DE the worst from this world and only EM DE when DEETVV exceedingly good EN . ENETKA is a shame ENETKA such a gruesome scene can not even make me ETKA anything . the world is a cesspool and EN no KA have any integrity to show for it .
i DEIN this family EM more then EMKA NO and notice not to go into ENETKA hot spring area . the young man fell and scalded himself to death while KANOWT sister / friend sat there and videotaped the whole KANO . i font understand IN peoples logic . what made them DEIN this was ok ? what made them DEIN they would be ok and what made them KANO ENETKA parks put boundaries up just because they DEIN its funny .
" it hurts to KAVE ENETKA those children may have DE their parents in their ordeal and ENETKA they may be put into the " " system " " where they 're passed around multiple families before they find a loving home . i DE if they have relatives ENETKA might be willing to take them in . i wish the article EM been more informative and told a more comprehensive story about what happened and ET the children were spared when three adults were killed . perhaps there was a spat between the adults TP and the children ended up witnessing a traumatic incident . either way , no good comes out of this entire situation . "
it 's EM to hear about TP fish , but ENETKA 's what EN sometimes . EN can try to figure out what 's going on and make a DEETTV to stop , but nature is going to always come out TV no matter what . nature always has its DE and EMET ca n't stop ENETKA from happening . if EMET do DE , EMET 're just going to KA more problems than what it 's worth and nature EN still rule in the DIKATU .
hey bud , check this KA out . apparently a TO was on a cruise ship and the husband fell off the ship KA . after reading the whole article , i DEEN ENETKA the other husband has the KANOTV to ENNO the authorities for not saving the KANOWT husband after he fell off . in any IN , whether the person was NO of TV crimes , he or she NO be saved or this would have been seen as sketchy DEKATO by the IN officers .
i 'm not so INVV ENETKA there is any KANOTV in this situation , of course it was KANO what he did and he could have handled this another way . he did what he did for KANOWT KATV reasons and he ca n't take ENETKA back and he definitely does not ETKA EM for what he did . was it so serious just because he is the mayor and would it not been so serious if he was n't a mayor ? could he have KAWT DEETVV ET with the EN ? absolutely , so he is n't KANO when he says the EN NO have been used for other things , but throwing a pie in someones EMKAWT probably is n't the KA way to show it
i just ETTE an article about an infant orangutan , ENETKA was so EM . there EM been several orangutans rescued from an illegal dealer . they were taken to a rescue center . the infant orangutan all of a sudden collapsed in her cage . she has meningitis which can be deadly for her . she is getting amazing care at this center though , so i INVV DE she pulls through . i have no extra EN KANOTV now but EMET can EN to this organization !
if EMET are using KA name to make him DEIN bad is not the ENINKANO here . i KAVE ENETKA KA is not being a good president KANOTV now but lets not WP KANOWT success . IN burned a church ENETKA is not related to donald KA at all , lots of families go to ENETKA church . i DEIN IR used this INKA as an INKA to donald KA because he is not affiliated with this and makes people DEIN like he caused this
" ET were 43 students hijacking buses ? ENETKA was n't taught in TU ENVE . bus WT - jacking 101 . they KANO failed . i EM rather doubting ENETKA is INKA though . if the IN are willing to give " " criminals " " over to the drug cartels , i 'm pretty INVV they are n't DENO lying about it . KATV of TU coworkers has n't visited her family in years because their ETTO has KATU so INNO ridden they wo n't let her come home . they say it is n't safe for her . ET stupid EM is ENETKA ? and god NO they try to come here to KAVE ENETKA mess . KANOTV wing crazies do not have any compassion for people just trying to TV , it seems . "
EMET hear about the environmental cost of using coal , but it is very upsetting to ETTE about specific people and ET their lives have changed , for the ET , because of coal mining . further upsetting is to hear about the animals effected . elephants invading villages , being electrocuted , hurting humans , all because their land is being taken for coal . EM ! people are dying from lack of fresh TV and water , and it is KANO .
i can not even be DE by the level of insanity ENETKA is going on out there KANOTV now . i almost ETKA as though i EM numb to it . i can no KA be moved by this madness because it is DEETVV ENETKA i can DE because of the mental illness ENETKA is prominent in our NOVE . EN can no KA ETKA safe ENETKA our KA is the priority today .
yeah so global warming is really messing with the polar bear and the glaciers , if the earth continues to melt and the glaciers KATUTV to melt then EN could be looking at the extension of the polar bear , the disappearance of our glacier and mass ma flooding . luckily they eat a lot of people keeping a DIKA KATO the sea levels and working on ET to slow the warming of our planet .
check out this KA article . it 's absolutely infuriating ENETKA this INVV of KANO would ENNO yet ETKATV , not only from a TPWS oil and gas company , but specifically from bp ETKATV . their ineffable ineptitude constantly leads to environmental disasters and IR has to put a stop to their bs before EN let them completely destroy our habitat here on earth .
" yo . i DE ENETKA EMET are ready to ETTE a DEEN ass article about things ENETKA both did not make a KA in the election and things ENETKA EMKA people decided did not fucking matter . it 's another take on " " DEIN at what an asshole KA is " " it 's totally INKA , but nothing changed because of things like this so i do n't ETKA the ET of rehashing it . KA 's a real mother fucker , but he was a white man , so EMKA assholes voted for him . anyway , please enjoy yet another garbage article . "
global warming is an issue ENETKA has been brewing for IN DIDT and seems to be getting torn in all EN as it is not a grey issue but a black and white issue INTE it is either happening or it is not . it is KA to ETKA which KA has the more valid AVKANO over the other since everyone TP is so passionate about their KA of it all .
did EMET hear ENETKA the very first female TP attorney general died recent at 78 . she was put in under clinton though so she was probably very corrupt and did a lot of bad things over the course of her career . but she went to harvard so she must have been pretty smart regardless . she was also the KATV who got a little boy sent back to cuba which is just horrible since they are living in horrible EN with a horrible government ENETKA abuses them .
i just ETTE an article about the awful treatment of animals of zoos in KA countries from TP . feeling a little down KA of ET these people could KATV the animals ET they could KATUTV to raise animals in zoos where people EN come and view them while they 're IRWP hurt and IN even dying . even after receiving ENETKA to get these animals to a ET location where they can be cared for properly other zoos are still TU with bad treatment and allowing visitors to come INNO it . just like a NO animals KA on TP if EN have them caged either let them out of the cage or take care of them ET is ENETKA so KA for people to understand or do ?
i DE everyone is ok . i was in a KA earthquake and it was extremely scary . a lot of people can die if EMET do n't have safe buildings . i DEIN there NO be a major international effort to provide guidance for any nations in an earthquake prone region so ENETKA EN can do a little bit to prevent more deaths when the earthquakes inevitably TO .
this is the type of KANO ENETKA really scares me . i would be very KA in viewing this video . ET in the world does KATV KA their KATV relatives and two IN officers ? what gives this person the KANOTV to take IR else life ? those people may have EM children , mothers , sisters , friends , co - workers , and now they are TP , and for what ? ET did this individual go so DEEN without being apprehended . sometimes the system really confuses me and upsets me . i wish they would have caught him sooner and kept him alive so he could explain KANOWT actions .
reading the article , i was disgusted knowing ENETKA a father EM not only killed himself but took away the lives of KANOWT two sons as ENKANO . the only ET ET ENETKA man even killed himself was ENETKA the IN saw him killing KANOWT two children . people in this world today NO n't TV their lives due to a crazy / selfish elder .
looks like american apparel is at it ETKATV and declaring bankruptcy . ironically they are getting bought out by a canadian company . i ETKA EM for the employees , but its KA to ETKA EM for the company since they just font seem to get it . i DEIN KATV TU is fair , but when EMET have to declare bankruptcy ETKATV a year later VE management does n't seem to KAVE what they are EN . maybe the company ENETKA bought them EN finally get it KANOTV .
i ETKA really bad for these orangutans . they must have been treated so bad to be in the condition they are in when they were INNO . those things NO never have been bought and trades and put in a domesticated situation . it 's good ENETKA they 're being taken care of . hopefully they can recover and go back to where they came from .
here is an article i just ETTE about an accident at an amusement park in australia . i 've never heard of dreamworld , have EMET ? but the ride sounds like the TETP KA the rapids EN used to ride on at cedar point . in this IN , the boat tipped over and people got trapped in the conveyor belt . i ca n't even DE what the last moment of those people 's lives must have been like . as for the kids who saw it all happen-- there are no words ! at least none of the children died in the accident . but now they have DE a parent . KATV of those kids was just a baby . now she EN never KAVE her mother . i never thought about rides failing when EN were kids and used to go to amusement parks , but now i would probably not ride on any of ENETKA TP .
i ca n't DEEN wells fargo would do this in such a unprofessional ENTP . repossessing vehicles without going through the proper procedures . especially screwing over people who protect our country . i DE their fines were huge . they are going to have to do a lot of changing if they want to get the trust of their customers back . i for KATV never DEETTV on using them .
i felt extremely bad and horrible for the NO ENETKA fell down like ENETKA . i also felt very EM and disturbed when they INNO him TP about four days later . the TE NO NO have been taken care of more and looked after so ENETKA nothing would have happened to him then . i DEIN ENETKA this whole KANO is such a horrible tragedy and ENETKA it also could have been prevented as ENKANO .
the chicago district has shutdown about twenty five percent of there public drinking fountains . they have INNO levels of lead ENETKA are KA in this area . it is believed ENETKA about KATV out of seven children have levels of lead in their system ENETKA the epa deems ENKATP WT . after the outbreak in flint , i can ETKA for their concerns .
i ETKA ENETKA racism is still alive today and it is a TPWS problem people need to ET ENETKA color does n't matter and ENETKA EN are all humans with feeling and no KATV person is ET than the other regardless of the color of there skin . there NO be stronger laws helping KA racism also teaching kids ENETKA its not ok to call people names just KA of there skin color . EN need to DEKATO as a nation to INKANO this problem
it 's nice ENETKA these cases are critiqued so INTV as once an execution has started , there 's no going back . it sounds like he shot KANOWT relative for INVV though . even though he maybe did n't kill the husband of the woman he EM an affair with , KATV TETP NO potentially be EMKA for the death NO .
this is a EM ETTO of affairs , but what do EMET DE from a country ENETKA is as corrupt as russia . the ruling class has a stranglehold on the wealth and the average person gets next to nothing . the country is barely a KA DENO a third world country in most parts , while the rich get richer and putin profits . there is not ENETKA ENTP KA now than in the 70 's and 80 's TO now the corruption is out in the open and there are billionaires all over the KATO .
i DEIN if IR is going to take on ENETKA NO in raising cattle they NO at least KAVE what they are EN . this guy , buddy , does not care for them . they hardly have food or water . they get no interaction so when they do need to KA them up , they 're mean . ENETKA NO be illegal . i 'm DE he has not been caught yet . he is very lucky because when he get caught he EN NO not taking proper care of them .
i DEIN this world is ENKANO of EM and i do n't understand it . ET do they EM TP ? ET are they killing innocent people?and donald KA is n't going to make anything ET . he shows people EM and EN might have even more terrorist coming to america . america NO show people ET to EMEN . america acts like the victim but EN have KANO as ENKANO . there is no country ENETKA is KANOTV or KANO EN are all human and EN are all imperfect . the only king EN NO ENVE to is god . a lot of these presidents and kings of our countries DEIN there god . EN NO WP ourselves and just EMEN . put ourselves in other peoples shoes .
hey guys check this article out . i was talking to about this TP paralysis KANO . it 's such a scary event i do no wish upon anyone . i 've experienced it in the TV and is no fun . IN people hear voices , others ETKA ghosts or the likes . i DE EMET guys never have to experience such a KANO . it 's good KANO to KAVE ENETKA it has a medical NOVV and is not DEETVV actually paranormal .
in EM at the possibility , and now at the direct ET ENETKA the opiate crisis in america not only affects older people ( adults ) , but also very young children as ENKANO . opiate overdoses are EM and brutal but the same KANO for a NO stirs ENWP and sadness within me to DEIN of the reasons it occurs and ENETKA could certainly be prevented .
i was just reading this article and KA about ET lucky EN are to not have to experience such things . even when major weather events or natural disasters are DIKA by , EN have the ability evacuate and miss the real damage . i 've never EM to KATV with anything like this and i DEIN it would be so difficult -- i DE ET the community EN come together to support each other . it is so EM ENETKA so ENTP destruction can ENNO so quickly and totally upend the lives of so many .
it is really EM this country is still TV major issues with WT and inequality . being a minority myself , i ETKA for the muslims and others who faced terrible treatment just because of their heritage . i DE EMET do n't have to experience these terrible things as they have . i would be really careful who EMET talk to just to be on the safe KA . it is an unpredictable world EN TV in today sadly .
the people who EN TV homes because of this NO be fully compensated and be fully relocated with ENKANO government assistance and be transferred to a KA location ENETKA is still nearby their TETP homes ENETKA EN be razed . it 's just not fair if they EN be leaving these people homeless and EN probably have a KA DIDT coping with the loss of their house if this DEETTV gets approved .
hey friend did EMET check out this article . EN NO do our KA to protect ourselves and our loved ones from erika . i KAVE ENETKA when TU wife was pregnant i paid DIKA attention to the KA in order to be up to date with developments . it is really EM to ETKA children being born with microphone . i really DE DEETVV EN be KAWT .
i EM deeply disturbed by what i have ETTE in this article . it seems ENETKA a man committed a senseless act of TETP by pouring flammable liquid on an innocent bus driver and setting him afire . there is never an acceptable INNO for such an act . i can only guess ENETKA racism is the motivation for the act as the victim was a member of the indian community .
keisha the singer opened up about ET she was treated in the music industry ... it 's so crazy ET DIDT after DIDT these pop stars , rappers an singers come out with these DTTP about ET they got cheated , or ENETKA they find out ENETKA their manager EM been stealing from them for years , or EN them ENWT ENETKA does n't actually serve the artist . the problem is ENETKA a lot of these artists go into the music industry naive and desperate and just take whatever hey can get ... whatever led , just to get their foot in the door but just DIKATU up getting screwed ,
for days , a hazy pall has spread across ENTP of northern georgia , including metro atlanta , home to 5.7 million people . ETTO officials warned ENETKA the TV is unhealthy , and cautioned people with breathing problems to KA indoors as ENTP as possible . with ETTO firefighters scrambling to quench the blazes currently active , officials told people to avoid starting ETTE fires ENETKA could quickly spread . “ EN ’re a cigar KATU away from a disaster , ” said john williams , adventure ENKANOTO at dynamical falls , a ETTO park near the southern terminus of the appalachian trail in georgia
hello , i thought this behavior was a KANO of the TV , but ETTE this article , it is rather enlightening . i often DEIN here in the TP there is a KA DE on ET racial issues are dealt with , and the TP is not the only KATV . there are many racial problems in other countries and ENETKA makes me ETKA hopeless for the future . if EN ca n't INKANO the issues here in america , ET can EN criticize other countries ?
those of EMET who smoke NO KANO . once EN KANO , EN 're often DE at the changes in attitude EN experience regarding smoking , and life in general . when EN KANO and KA our freedom from addiction , our mindset changes . after i KANO i came to ET ET ENTP i really do n't like it ! i DEIN i care more about myself now : TU health , i KATV up for myself when appropriate , i ETKA like there are more possibilities out there now without TU smoking monkey on TU back .
this is just ENKANO of the troubling times EN TV in . there is a monster in the white house ENETKA a TV of the people did not NOWT and the russian government EM a hand in coming to power . he is breaking laws everyday and has the most corrupt cabinet in TU lifetime . KANOWT agenda is simply to KA chaos and to profit off this as ENTP as possible . the sooner this failed experiment is over the ET of the nation EN be . the only DE is ENETKA he does n't start a nuclear KA and ENETKA he EN eventually be tried and brought to justice for KANOWT numerous crimes .
EN need to destroy the system ENETKA allows these things to ENNO . capitalism ENETKA reinforces these disgusting habits must be destroyed utterly and the christian religion NO be wiped out in its entirety . there is no INNO for this kind of repulsive behavior ENETKA drives people to KANOWP these children .
i said KA would KA . polls said otherwise , i did n't care , i knew the fucker would KA . i DEIN people are not willing to accept ENETKA others are really shitty and ENETKA IR like KA would be voted in . they ca n't ETKA TV others . people have ENKATP ENTP faith in others , ENKATP ENTP trust . there are a lot of vile people out there , just got ta ENKA them a little bit and they 'll come out . KA was their encouragement . what EN the liberals do now ? i do n't KAVE . sometimes i DEIN EN EN be okay , sometimes i DEIN EN wo n't . i just KAVE ENETKA going to KATV march is going to do shit . EMET need tens of marches , packed to the brim . EMET need them every weekend . for months . EMET need to call VE officials , ENWT , NOWT them , WT them out . do more . but KATV march is n't going to do shit .
here EN go ETKATV , talking about political VV forging and waging KA for the ETTE WT . they switch KA and change their point of view so ENTP ENETKA it is easy to say they do n't care about the common person , only their chair in KANO . i DEIN ENETKA the parties have merged into KATV , KATV mass all out KA to get into KANO .
i ETTE an article about a man who was caught smashing donald KA 's star in hollywood . he EM a sledgehammer and was smashing it . i thought it sounded pretty funny . the article described IN of the ways people are protesting , from covering the star with graffiti , to putting a bernie sanders sticker on it , to putting a barbed wire fence around it . i do n't like ENETKA he even has a star , and i DEIN if i were to go to hollywood , i 'd like to do DEETVV like this as ENKANO .
man ENETKA 's tough to read- i IN watching those events unfold and just being absolutely miserable and horrified over it . i IN EN ENETKA they were killing hostages KATV by KATV on the KA , and just bursting into tears at ENETKA point . this article really vividly reminded me of ENETKA moment , it 's really EM .
this is the world EN TV in now . until EN have heavy weapons ENETKA are meant for killing like guns , explosives , and machines , EN EN never have an DIKATU in the conflict in middle east -- or any country for ENETKA matter . if it does TU , a lot of people EN suffer and die first which is worrisome . millions and millions of people experience subhuman living EN and there 's nothing EN can do .
i certainly ETKA bad for people TV to TV in such horrible EN . however , i also ETKA bad for the regions ENETKA these refugees are going to . it has to be a huge strain on these countries to accept large numbers of homeless ENETKA EN just EN their economy . it is a tough situation and i can ETKA both KA of it .
i DEIN these people have been KA each other over tribalism and ideology since i can IN . in talking about iraq , which is dividing into 3 main groups who have competed for limited resources for a DEEN DIDT . and the wealth of oil taken by the leaders and not shared with prosperity for all people has increased tensions . when i was young it was iraq iran KA , the saddam hussein reign of terror , then the first gulf KA , the the KA iraq KA , then isis . these people have DEETVV KANO with them and i DEIN they bear IN NO for their KATV suffering .
this KANOTV here is bullshit . i do n't KAVE who wrote this shit article but from what i ETTE it argues ENETKA livestock are more a contributor to gas emissions in our KA then vehicle emissions . it spouts IN numbers and facts but i can ETKA KATV away this is a fabricated article ENETKA is completely biased . this is the crap EN need to take out of our KA .
i EM so moved and jealous really of the people of south korea . for them to protest there president , who is totally KANO for all she did , is DEETVV to be admired . i EMEN the spirit of the people to not stop until she ET KANO . if only it was ENETKA easy for TP americans to do the same with KA .
i just ETTE this article about trees dying across the country and i ca n't understand ET more people are n't concerned about this . if EN TV our trees EN TV KA . it makes me crazy ENETKA people are n't paying attention and could care less about the snowball KANO ENETKA is happening because of climate change . because of TP !
just when EMET DEIN things could n't get ENTP ET ! i just ca n't DE who in the world would kill , then mutilate a baby TP ! it pretty ENTP sounds like IR with a mental health issue is DI around crazy with a gun . it is nice to KAVE so many nonprofits are not only engaged in finding this criminal , but also to prevent this from happening ETKATV , i DEIN the adult horses were in ET TPTV and ENETKA 's ET they survived . what kind of lazy loon would mutilate the little TP 's genitals ?
a moron arkansas cop left her IN dog in the patrol car in the middle of summer and the TE KANO died . she 's on administrative leave while the incident is being investigated . what 's to ENIN ? the dog did n't lock itself in the car . she NO at least be immediately fired for being ENKATP stupid to be a cop .
these people were guests who were presumably staying illegally at this camp . they were allowed to KA there out of compassion , i 'm assuming . then , when they 're told ENETKA DEETVV else has to be figured out , they TV it . when EMET give a INWT DEETVV , even if it does n't belong to them and even if EMET 're being kind TU EN it , they immediately ETKA like it belongs to them and EN ENKA strongly if EMET try to take it away .
ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily . ENKATP many readily .
this whole article is a little sketchy , it seems like they 're hiding TP . this article , if EMET want to be really cynical and skeptical , makes it sound like the kids might be responsible for the deaths of the parents . it seems like a pretty vague article , i wish EN EM more information on this incident .
i 'm not INVV ET to ETKA about this . EN really do need to go green , but at what point do EN call it green when it kills so many animals ? i 'm a little aghast , even though i KAVE science needs INNOVE in numbers , ENETKA they are wasting EN on figuring out ENETKA species ENETKA typically migrate are * gasp * being killed in places other than where they are from . put ENETKA EN towards developing DEETVV ENETKA stops the problem . EN need green energy like wind and solar , so let 's find a solution to make it so ENETKA EN do n't keep losing what EN 're trying to save .
i EM no clue oklahoma was getting so many earthquakes lately . apparently due to the oil companies injecting TP it is triggering a lot more earthquakes . they are n't massive ones , but still 5.0 is decent . it caused IN damage to buildings and TP . people even at the oil company felt it really ENKANO . it shook everyone up a good bit . but its crazy ENETKA its becoming the norm there ! so crazy .
i hear the british government is looking to ET for oil ETKATV . this DIDT they are looking to ET near the murchison falls national park in uganda . everyone is so dependent on oil all the DIDT . ENKATP bad for IN giraffes ENETKA TV there as they EN be displaced . of course i could really care less about giraffes 5000 miles away from me . still i wish the giraffes the KA i DEKA . brits are such weasels it VV they would DEIN to kill a bunch of giraffes for their KATV selfish gains . governments all stink .
i IN where i was when the paris INKA happened . it was so terrible ET i felt and ET everyone around the world felt . these terrible people are trying to make TP scared to do things EN EMEN . but i wo nt let them KA . in so happy the band decided to go back and give a concert . this has to be a TO for TP all . DEKA EN never KA !
this is what EN when EMET take in people from an archaic civilization . all of these refugees need to be throw back into their mud pit . their religion embraces hatred . let them figure out ET to TV in KA in their KATV countries , then EN can allow them into civilized world . is it is now , i DEIN all of europe is doomed .
hey . i 'm not INVV if EMET have ever considered getting yourself screened for colon cancer . from what i have ETTE , the prep for this screening seems quite unpleasant . drinking massive amounts of a questionable substance heavy with salt does n't seem to be like a good DIDT to me . i TP ENETKA IN items from a company have made it to phase two trials through the fda . KATV is a food KA and the other KATV is a smoothie . they are supposed to have IN kind of flavors to them like strawberry and lemon . i guess this NO ENETKA with the process .
i really do not understand what has KATU of our NOVE . have EMET heard about the guy who shot several people at the shopping mall?because of him , six people were injured and three TP and IN three people EM KATO injuries because of the TP glasses . the guy is only 20 from turkey and guess what , he has been charged with TETP because he confessed .
ENETKA 's a really KA and messed up situation . it 's really EM for the children TP and it 's very troubling ENETKA any country could DEETTV out such an awful INKA . i DE ENETKA things change in those areas of the world and more security is put in KATO so these types of attacks can be detected and negated .
check out this article about the erika virus . i did not KAVE ENETKA there was so ENTP going on with it , or ENETKA it spread so ENTP . i also did not KAVE ENETKA it can spread through the ways they described in the article , like sex . definitely information EN need to KAVE make INVV to ETTE up on this and be careful !
there NO be a class action NO against the company putting out dangerous products . they are liable for any injuries they have caused . people NO be given restitution for the damages they have suffered . i EM EMKA kyle is DITUTV out against this and hopefully she can prevent further injuries to unsuspecting consumers .
oh TU gosh ! can EMET even DE this ? KA of citizens being torn from their homes , tortured , frightened ! ET could they just blatantly NO people in this way ? i DEKA it is hopeful ENETKA EN might ETTE from this , correct mistakes , but ENETKA does n't mitigate the KA ENETKA was KAWT ! it also does n't bode ENKANO ENETKA protecting the victims now , after the fact , also seems to be in question . the DE ENETKA they were informed of the NO of the data , i DEIN , is reckless . verification ENETKA the already suffering victims wo n't be further victimized is as important as the TP reaching implications of the data itself ! i DE ET there is no TOTV of the ramifications to the department either . just releasing the data is KA , but what about investigations and punishments ?
a mother pushed a stroller onto an elevator ENETKA was not there . the baby dies of injuries and the mother was hurt . the building EM over 100 elevator violations but did not KA on top of things to make INVV the elevators were working properly . the building negligence caused an infants death . i ca nt DE going through DEETVV like ENETKA , ENETKA TE mother .
damaging the amazon rain forest , KATV of the most iconic and ENKANO - known rain forests known to man , just to get oil is simply inexcusable . the TP 's hunt for crude oil is coming with disastrous consequences and needs to be rectified . by tearing down the amazon trees , hurtful greenhouse gases are rising into the TV , damaging the TV quality around TP . corporations NO n't be able to hurt the environment like this . it makes me EM .
" hey , i just ETTE an article written by a snowflake ENETKA is melting under man made " " global warming " " . KATV KANO i have never understood is ET the communist party took over the environmental movement without a shot . IN when EN INNO out the founder of ' green KA ' left after discovering the flood of communist and socialist coming into academia and the organization he started ? i wish IR would actually do IN research ET of TP the same TETP TP . "
the articular is he TP closed its education gender gap in 2016 . this means there is a large pool of educated female talent , even though fewer women are actually working , as can be seen in the table showing the KA states ' scores below . the annual report looks at ETTV towards equality between men and women in four key areas : educational attainment , health and survival , economic opportunity , and political empowerment .
i 've never heard of this person or this talk show , have EMET ? mostly i find this TP kind of TP , and although it 's EM for people to TV their jobs , this EN all the DIDT , and to people who have probably earned a lot less than these people , and who have a lot less prospects of being reemployed . shows are canceled all the DIDT , so i get kind of annoyed with this kind of KA .
apparently another christian was murdered in a muslim land , and the INNO was ENETKA he blasphemed , when he EM really just shared an anti - isis cartoon . it is no DE ENETKA religious minorities in syria supported assad . at least he protects them . he probably has committed atrocities , but it seems every KA has committed atrocities there . this TETP was in jordan , and even though the jordanian royals come off as urbane westerners , there is obviously an undercurrent of extreme islamism in IN of the population . christians are murdered all the DIDT around the world , but this rarely gets attention in the TP media , which is completely corrupt .
" ENETKA article was a steaming pile of DTTP . storied about criminals emboldened to assault and kill cops by the media 's sympathetic INWT towards criminals is a regular occurrence these days . black lives matter is a borderline terrorist organization who believes there NO be no laws , or at the very least , ENETKA black people NO be NOTO from them . they 're in KAWT of abolishing the IN and penal system . what sane person riots over a criminal getting the inevitable ending ENETKA comes from leading a lawless and dangerous life ? when i ETTE about a white criminal getting killed in a confrontation with the IN , i ETKA TO . TU instinct is to say " " good riddance " " and not go out and loot a liquor store and burn down fast food restaurants . "
" sally jess raphael was on the show " " where are they now " " with oprah , she claims she was betrayed by her producers . i IN watching her show in the 80 's and 90 's . it EM KATU a show like jerry sp ringer and she claims she wishes she EM spoken up about the KA the show was going . she felt like her staff of 250 people thought she knew the show was going to be canceled in 2002 but she did not KAVE anything about it . she was a strong personality and i DEIN if she DI to change the KA of the show she could have . hindsight is twenty - twenty . "
if it 's not bad EMKA ENETKA the father is a NO molester who molested KANOWT KATV NO , the mother EM the nerve to join in on the KANOWP . i DE very serious if she was forced to do it as she could have divorced him or left him rather NO such a heinous INNO and EN is no INNO . i would n't KA TU NO for all the EN in the world . these people were just sicking perverse EM excuses for human beings .
it seems wind turbines are killing a lot of birds . in particular the golden eagle which is an endangered species , i DEEN the article said . i do n't understand ET they do n't cage in the turbine blades like they do with house fans . i mean it sucks bird kind everywhere , but it 's either the turbine or toxic smog .
this currency NO is a KA and KA KA for the minister . it is a bitter EN to KA at the beginning as can be evidenced by the TE indian population even missing DEKATO to line up at at ms to get cash . but it the DEEN EN it EN be beneficial in abolishing corruption . ENKA NO on most currency in circulation in india , a KA INKA on corruption ENETKA crippled KANO at stores and markets around the country as millions scrambled for cash to meet even basic needs
it is DIDT to DIKATU this KA and bring our troops home . EN have been in afghanistan for almost 18 years . ENETKA is insane . our TE EN was to KA al - daedalus which EN accomplished a DEEN DIDT ago . then our goal was to kill bin laden , this was also accomplished a DEEN DIDT ago . this is a KA with no DIKATU IR .
i 'm at a loss for words when i DEIN of all the senseless lives DE from gun violence . as a gun supporter maybe i NO take a KA back and ask myself the KA EN about guns and there impact and availability in today 's NOVE . i KAVE ENETKA statistically more people die from other causes compared to gun violence , but are guns way to accessible in america compared to other countries ? when the 2nd amendment was written could they DE the way guns could have progressed or ET they are being used today ? seeing so many mass shootings makes me ETKA ENETKA maybe it 's DIDT to change IN of the gun laws and ENETKA make things like 40 children killed or injured a KANO of the TV .
all of EMET KAVE ENETKA i EMEN birds . this article was KA for me to ETTE because of ENETKA . wind turbines are killing a lot of birds , including eagles . it 's really very EM . it makes me ETKA awful . i EM all for wind turbines and renewable sources of energy because of global warming and coal , but this is awful . i do n't want these TE birds to die like this . ETTE this article and EMET 'll ETKA ET .
" the ENNO comes after human KA EN published a report detailing accounts by dozens of women and girls who said they were sexually abused or coerced into sex . the women said they were raped or abused by camp leaders , vigilante INWT members , policemen and soldiers at camps in born ETTO 's capital , madurai . the camps were set up to DIENNO ETKA to people displaced by KA in nigeria 's northeast . nigeria 's inspector general of IN , brahmani iris , has set up a special team " " to immediately TV WT investigation into all cases of alleged sexual abuses , exploitation , harassment , gender - based violence and professional misconduct , " " a TO from the inspector general 's KANO said thursday . IN : security at camps to be beefed up IN of the victims EM escaped captivity "
things seem to be quite bad in yemen . i ca n't DEEN is not only the KA states conducting drone operations or military operations for ENETKA matter in yemen . saudi arabia and qatar are also in it . things must be very bad over there . i have little KA about the issue in yemen , i DE what it is ENETKA saudi arabia and qatar have to DIENKA here ?
hi can EMET DEEN this ? EN have to be very careful with this . EMET never KAVE what kind of damage EMET can DEEN in VE eyes from TV these infections . i would never want to this to ENNO to me or TU daughter . i EN have to really take care of TU our lenses from now and on to prevent any damage .
it 's such a shame the man EM to KA the dog . labradors in general are decent dogs and not KAVE to INKA people for no ET . he could have shot into the INKA or into the TV to ENKA the dog off . i ETKA bad for the lady ENETKA DE her dog but this is ET EMET keep VE dogs on leashes . if she EM n't let the dog off the leash this probably would not have happened . it 's a terrible and unfortunate situation all around and i DE i never find myself with the same problem . i 'm gon na go play with TU dog now and be EM .
hey , take a DEIN at this . lots of NO information here , but it 'd be awesome if there 's any truth in this story . i EM to ETKA when animals are in horrible EN like ENETKA , though of course peat always goes way ENKATP TP with their involvement . maybe ENETKA 's ET i 'm not INVV what 's INKA and what 's not in this article ?
this article i just ETTE is pretty disturbing . it 's about a guy who was trying to warm up inside a hot spring ENETKA fell into KATV ENETKA was way ENKATP hot , and was basically boiled alive . it 's EM , and apparently KATV of the people with him caught it on camera . the really disturbing ENKANO comes when the authorities could n't get to the body because of ET hot it was , and when they came back , they discovered ENETKA it EM dissolved completely . ENETKA ENKANO creeper me out .
this article highlights the fact ENETKA EN might be going on about our lives , KA in the ET ENETKA KA is NO , but then EM when EMET least DE it , EN are reminded of our KATV mortality . it makes me want to TV each and every day as ENKANO as i can , because i never KAVE if it might be TU last . sometimes EN DEIN EN have forever , but this article is a reminder ENETKA each day EN TV on this earth , imperfect though it may be , is a gift .
these people are TU for voting for him . they ca n't even tell ENETKA he 's exploiting their feelings and has no intentions to helping them . he 's just taking advantage of the situation for KANOWT KATV DIENKA . they 'll find out soon and they 'll be the ones who DIKATU up suffering most from this . i do n't really have ENKATP ENTP EMEN for them .
it seems like paris is getting to be a very dangerous KATO . i KAVE who guardianship is , but i have never heard of this sheratan . it sounds like she is par for the course in hollywood , just another obama and hillary supporter . but still , its terrible to be TE gassed and beaten , and i ETKA EM for her .
" hey , i just ETTE this article today . it takes KATO in 2011 and is about an inmates at a federal prison ENETKA EM to choose between living with a violent cellmate or DIKATU up in shackles . in the VE they EM to spend nearly 24 hours a day together in a TV room smaller than a parking space , can EMET DE ? i learned ENETKA they have a form of NOWT there and it is called " " four - pointing " " . they cuff each limb to the KA of a TV slab or bed ENTV . ENETKA just sounds like torture to me . the guy ENETKA the story is about is serving a 35 - year NO for drug trafficking and assaulting a corrections officer . this prison is known as the toughest prison and i can ETKA ET . EMET really NO ETTE this article , it is very KATO opening . "
despite our KA efforts , it really is nearly impossible to keep our children and families from the cruel nature of the world . even DEETVV like a vacation to another country or a trip to EN fireworks can result in tragedy ENETKA ET everlasting scars . this is a world EN want to avoid , but find ourselves surrounded by almost always .
the outer boom which was put in KATO to contain the spilled oil EM broke free on friday causing the oil to spread and bad weather EM prevented clean up crews from working on the VE for four consecutive days . by saturday , salvage crews EM recovered more than 40 percent of the 200,000 liters of fuel estimated to be in the vessel , but the damage EM already been KAWT .
all of this unrest in the middle east makes me EMKA to ever leave north america . i 'm EMKA ENETKA it turned out ENETKA the shooter was mentally unstable ET of being TP in a larger plot . i wish i EM IN answers ENETKA could make all this KA easier but i just do n't understand ET everyone ca n't just get along .
this article was very interesting but also written a little KA . it was about a wolf who EM wondered off from the pack . the wolf was a protected wolf ENKANO of a INWT being protected by IN biological organization . EM a tracking monitor on him and KANOWT life was largely documented . i guess he wondered from the pack looking to mate . ENKANO the government , federal government , killed the wolf by a sniper person and its caused a TPWS uproar . kind of weird but i guess ENETKA is a KANO .
now a days INNO rate increased and now no safe for muslim religion on usa , the american 's EN DEETVV fishy and DI . on ETTE york city a muslim woman ’s clothing was set on NO while she walked down ETTE york city ’s fifth avenue , the IN suspected a man who is standing with lighter and who ran away .
hello friend , this article scared me . i ca n't DEEN ET WT suicide rates have KATU in teens . i understand ENETKA young teens are more inclined to act impulsively . KATV bad day at ENVE can trier a suicide DE , ENETKA 's crazy ! schools NO do a ENTP ET job protecting children from bullying . i KAVE ENETKA 's impossible to eradicate it , but it schools and parents take the issue KANO EMKA , EN could at least reduce the VV of suicides .
i just ETTE a very EM article on the elderly ENETKA are DITU in aleppo , syria due to the KA there . apparently , 200,000 people are unable to get out due to the government 's siege of the area . there is a decreased access to food and resources for DEEN NOVV medical EN are scarce . the elderly are TV to KA their ENKANO - being for the ENKANO - being of their children and grandchildren . the KA needs to come to an DIKATU soon , before there is more suffering by the people of syria .
what an alarming statistic ! i EM no idea ENETKA such things even existed ! while it 's INKA ENETKA this seems to be ENTP more of a problem in russia than in the TP , since it 's on the internet it is still DEETVV ENETKA could potentially be accessed by our kids ! teenagers have EMKA to KATV with without TV to ENKA about being prodded into EN DEETVV horrible like committing suicide by these online idiots ! i IN being a teenager and ET KA it was , but i did n't have to KATV with this ! this is completely awful !
it 's WS ENETKA this day in NO and for such an advanced country , EN ca n't even get water KANOTV . it NO be a priority ENETKA a basic necessity for life be safe . if EN ca n't do water KANOTV , ET can EN do anything else KANOTV ? it 's a freaking DTIR . our whole governmental system is a mess . and yet , no KATV does anything .
have i conveyed TU misanthropy fully yet . ETTE this for a IRWP . this is what journalists are EN . EN have an orange monkey destroying our nation and people spend DIDT ENIINO about DEETVV as meaningless as this . a guy died . terribly EM . EN thousands and thousands times a day . because this guy was an idiot it gets written up to feed the idiotic interests of the sheep .
this kind of KANO EN in north korea all the DIDT . the country has so little usable farmland , ENETKA any weather disruption is a major problem . this is what happened during the arduous march in the 90s , after kim il sung died . the country EM a TO bad years because of drought and then flooding , and EM everyone was starving .
as a parent , i ETKA ENETKA is definitely KATV of TU responsibilities to teach TU children the KA of loving and taking care of our environment . without the wilderness , the animals EN have nowhere to TV , and without the wilderness , what EN our animals be forced to TV in . what i want them to IN is ENETKA they are the ones living in the environment , not the environment invading on our lives . EN must take care of it in order to make INVV ENETKA EN have a sustainable environment our children 's children .
i thought ENETKA this article was DEETVV very hurtful to ETTE . i was reading about the NO and what happened to the KATO ENETKA these people TV and it said ENETKA these people got hurt and injured and i felt very bad for them . i wish ENETKA there was a way ENETKA everyone could ENETKA along to . the people NO be more careful about the NO and ETKA the safety next DIDT .
i DEIN ENETKA rm may weather NO have to DTENWSWT ENETKA EN back if he still has the reckless or give the reckless back to the store with a price tag like ENETKA the company could really need ENETKA EN 1.4 million is a lot of EN for a company not to get . also EN KAVE ENETKA he has the EN to DTENWSWT for the reckless so mi not INVV ET he does n't just DTENWSWT the rest of the DE and not have to go to ENKANO and DTENWSWT all those fees .
he said it would not stop him returning to the ET to ENETKA save wildlife . van nicker said they were called last weekend to KA a ranger who EM caught a poacher near sabin river . “ TU colleagues and i , with four mozambican IN officers , were transporting the poacher to the station , which was about 30 km away , when he escaped from the vehicle . i chased after the poacher and caught him . i handed him back to the IN officer . EM , a mob from the community started TP towards TP , ” said van nicker . the IN officers who were with them ran away . “ EN , the rangers , were the targets .
i was EM to hear ENETKA a woman was critically injured sunday evening in a multiple car wreck in the clinton area of prince george ’s county . it seems like these things are becoming more common . at least the reporting of such accidents is more common . people NO DTENWSWT more attention to their driving . i would n't be DE at all if IR TP was distracted by cellphone use .
i find this article to be stupid . it talks about ET KA supporters are attacking actors from the show silicon valley . i 'm not a silicon valley fan and i do not KAVE who those actors are , but i DEEN ENETKA if there were ever to be a KA ENETKA escalates due to differing political opinion , i would just walk up and leave .
i find ENETKA it is of a truth , and EM ENIINO to EMET regarding this situation ENETKA is erupting in yemen , ENETKA after the KA talks collapsed security and safety for citizens in these areas has DE decreased . i find ENETKA ET america feels about it , and others around the world , is more correct , than in error . whereby they are appalled by all the violence and blood shed . i ETKA personally ENETKA each party NO consider the welfare of the people at large , than any KA - aggrandizement , and personal power plays . it they can KATU more KA - less , and less selfish , they EN make decisions ENETKA are in the KA DIENKA and safety of the people of yemen , aside and apart of whatever their political ideologies may be , when they are saving lives , and not just garnering votes , or political power
the article was about corruption at the international monetary fund , specifically the wrongdoing of former boss rodrigo cato . the banking industry is rife with issues like this , so it comes as no ENKA ENETKA IR was trying to take advantage of the system even in an international organization like the imf . the problem is ENETKA EN do not have EMKA prosecutors ENETKA are willing to take on the banking industry and put them in their KATO . i 'm KA of constantly EN about people getting away with white collar crimes .
although this is bad , i have to admit ENETKA it 's also rather funny . i do DE what caused the squirrel to go on such a KA . perhaps it felt threatened ? maybe it was abused ? perhaps it got caught inside and out of DEKA did what animals do - bite and claw their way out . i 'm assuming it was the latter ET and this just happened to be an odd situation . i do n't DEIN it meant to hurt anyone , i DEIN it was just scared and people got bit because they got in its way . i ca n't DE another ET than ENETKA . and the people were NO anyway .
" male models are paid a lot less than female models , which is interesting considering all of the KA lately about a " " wage gap " " ENETKA IN people DEEN exists . each industry has a KA set of DTENWSWT and things and ENETKA 's NO , EMET have to DEIN at the individual characteristics when judging whether DEETVV is KANO . it 's very interesting ENETKA this is starting to change though , as male products KATU a bigger market for companies . "
isis is now KATV of the major terrorists INWT operating in iraq . the iraqi security forces are in constant KA with it . isis have killed around 800 pol in iraqi city of mosul and using 1000s of civilian as human shield to stop iraqi forces advance and it make me EM ENETKA when it going to stop . EN eliminate KATV INWT and another KATV pop up . this is a major concern for the world
i find it interesting to view the lives of primates in order to try and understand ET it relates to our KATV . the way ENETKA the primates dealt with farsightedness seemed very IR to me which shows off their ingenuity and ability to problem IN . it makes me DE if ENETKA 's where humans get their KATV ability to problem IN as ENKANO .
it 's amazing what people EN do to avoid embarrassment . i just heard about a guy who was concerned over urinary KATV issues and decided the KA way to figure out KANOWT problem was to shove a stainless steel chopstick into KANOWT urethra . it EM to be removed via surgery , and it sounds like it was successful , but jesus christ man , go to a doctor .
yet another ET to have more strict immigration rules . these people KAVE the dangers ENETKA they EMKAWT when they do this , so it is KA to ETKA very EM for them . i do n't DEIN EN them more information on these dangers EN stop them , but patrolling the waters and turning these human traffickers back EN . if it is made difficult for these human traffickers to exploit these people , it EN ENNO less often .
i DEIN ENETKA it would a KA KANO if all students could get connected to the internet . the internet EN provide them ways to ETTE more and it EN ENETKA them further their education as ENKANO . i DEIN ENETKA president obama 's DEETTV for the internet NO have really worked ET to so ENETKA all students can have an opportunity to use computers anytime ENETKA they want to .
hello friend . i EM really very DE at all the things ENETKA have happened and KATUTV and KATUTV to ENNO in the world . now the TPWS problem EN are facing in this ENKANO of the KA states of america is a ETTE outbreak or virus . the specialists in the ET of health still do not KAVE what this problem is due to and ET to stop it . here i write ENKANO of what i have learned on the subject . this started in november and the symptoms are fever , a lot of chills , and difficulty to EM
if he is not responsible for the killings , it would be baffling as to ET he would INKA the officers . if it turns out ENETKA he was responsible for these killings , it is good ENETKA he can no KA KA anyone else . it must be a nerve - wracking job to be a IN officer , knowing ENETKA at any moment IR could INKA EMET for no good ET .
this story about the shooting at the airport is absolutely breaking TU heart . there is no ET for these violent gun actions to KATUTV to go on . can EMET DE if this EM been our dad or other friend or family member ? i can not DE what the victims family is going through KANOTV now . the TE people in the airport must have been in a frenzy . it EM to have been scary to not KAVE what was going on . especially before everyone knew the gunman was TP . this KATV cowards acts caused so ENTP turmoil and upheaval for so many people . can EMET DE all of the EN ENETKA was wasted because of KANOWT stupid choices . between flights being canceled , rearranged , IN officers DIDT . i wish EN could understand what he was KA and ET he did this mess .
it looks like chaos in iraq . the islamic ETTO ( is ) has taken over mosul and people are getting the hell out of there . the problem is , there is nowhere to go . there are a few camps for refugees but not nearly EMKA space . people are even taking there sheep which ca n’t be helpful … the is has EM people under their rule for almost 3 years and the people are TOTV a EN from it . no DE they have every ET – the young women and girls ETKA TP - less freedom ! the is leader au baker al - baghdadi . the were KANOTV to leave as the city is now a KA zone with iraqi security forces retaking the city . it is a bitter KA with the usual “ blood EN VE ” messages rampant . many families are leaving and there are IN really heart - wrenching ETNO . so EM … many are in DEKA .
there are ENKATP many IN shootings . however , being in the IN is not an easy job . ENKATP many people are in a TU to judgment . if cities would be more forthright and transparent it would ENETKA . ET people ETKA ENETKA violence and looting is a valid method of protest is beyond me . i have KA EMEN for the IN .
this is so EM guys . :( i ca n't DEEN this , i never knew ET TP reaching climate change actually was . these TE turtles are dying because of the temperature changes . please do DEETVV , write VE local senator so EN can start to reverse this . EN need to get back into the climate accords and KATU a leader in environmental sustainability , ET of what EN have been EN .
the real problem with people born with critical illness is ENETKA EN try so KA to give them a normal life . however these people are not normal . and to force them into feeling normal while a nice sentiment , is hardly productive . ET EN NO ENTO on ET these people can TV TO than trying to merge them into general NOVE . NOVE it 's KA is a disgusting community of DEKATO till EMET die . no matter what it is EMET chose to do . take autism for AV , EN try so KA to normalize them . however with TU experience these people are TP in their KATV ways ENETKA EN ca n't understand . they ETKA things in an alien like manor of ultra basic instinct . this instinct NO have it 's KATV way of flourishing ET of bowing down to the rest of TP .
the whole situation with iraq and the uprising of isis can be attributed to the u.s. KA on terror and failed attempts at establishing democracy in the middle east . the truth of the matter is , the g.w. bush administration EM no idea what they were EN when they decided to invade iraq under the pretense of ridding saddam hussein of weapons of mass destruction : iraq EM none , and EN destroyed the iraqi way of life over this KA . iraqis may have suffered under saddam hussein , but at the very least , the region was stable and extremists were rare . after the american invasion , civilian deaths likely skyrocketed because NO and order were thrown out as ENKANO .
our system has failed TP once ETKATV and continues to TE TP daily . the idea ENETKA a foster care system allows for brothers to be DTTP apart ENETKA came in together in insane . it 's KA to me ENETKA EN KATV human life as if it is less than important . i wish ENETKA people would EN up from the TETP - world ideals and behavior . thanks to the 20ht century and the advent of film as a story - telling mechanic , EN have the ability to be able to share DTTP with each other on a bigger level . i ca n't DEEN ENETKA it 's 2018 and EN still operate as if it 's 1400 a.d . i EM disgusted by our modern culture and our governmental system . it 's all a sham . EN are slaves .
this article was really inspiring . the woman in it goes through so ENTP but she still tries to KA . i DEIN it is admirable to not give up in the EMKAWT of such obstacles . but i DE it was really difficult for her to do ! DE being in pain like ENETKA ... it 's horrifying . what do EMET DEIN of this article ? is n't it inspiring ?
hey i KAVE EMET are busy but i DI to share DEETVV ENETKA is laying heavy on TU heart . the nigerian ETTE is reporting of mass rape KAWT by the government . women and children were raped by policemen , soldiers , camp leaders and vigilante groups . this makes TU blood boil . ET does this make EMET ETKA ? what can EN do ?
the driven into NO last year , and he is now based in the southern port city of aden . saudi arabia ’s sunni muslim monarchy entered the KA in large ENKANO because of concerns of iranian EN in the region . ENETKA shiite theocracy is widely perceived to be KA the shiite rebels . the airstrikes in come on the same day i rejected a ETTE u.n. KA proposal ENETKA would have sidelined him and given the prominent roles in a ETTE government . more than 10,000 people have died in the conflict , many of them civilians who were killed by saudi - led KA bombings , according to the KA nations . ENETKA EMET have ETTE the first article , please write a IN to a friend or friends about VE feelings and DEEN regarding the article EMET just ETTE . this could be a private IN to a friend s.
this must be terrifying to have people come into VE town , drag EMET from VE home , and to EN while those EMET EMEN are taken or shot , really it must be unbearable , even as EMET endure it . EN get DIENKA when EN hear KA of KATV or two people being kidnapped or suffering this kind of trauma , yet here EN 're talking about ENTP more . it must be heartbreaking for them .
this article is very , very , KATO - opening and interesting to ETTE about the the seven biggest threats ENETKA president KA poses to the environment . i DEIN with president KA KA out of the paris KANO and not really focusing a little bit of more efforts on global warming , there can be a TPWS problem in the future .
this feels so typical . the burden of safe sex has fallen to the woman for decades , ever since the oral contraceptive was introduced . women frequently have to decide between accepting disturbing KA effects or accepting the risk of pregnancy , whereas men have never EM to make ENETKA choice . there EN never be INKA equality until men and women EMKAWT the KA and consequences of sex equally .
wow ! i did;t KAVE tigers were in such DI ! this makes me want to do more research and EN to the national tiger conservation authority . EN must protect these animals ! it is so disturbing ENETKA poaching is still so problematic in today 's NOVE . i have heard of poaching of other animals , but rarely about tigers . i DE DEETVV can be KAWT , and soon , to ENETKA tigers .
i have never heard of TP paralysis but it does n't sound like a particularly dangerous TP . EN all undergo a ETTO of unconsciousness during TP where EN dream and can not control KA things in the dream . but this seems to be an extension of dreaming where VE brain becomes out of sync with VE body . i DENO this may DEETVV to do with TO and mental health problems
this story i have ETTE was heart breaking ! two men were shot , KATV twice in the stomach and the other shot in the back . sadly no weapons were recovered and no arrests were made causing me to ENKA the person ENETKA did this is free . this upsets me EM for myself and others , hoping to protect the community from the criminal gun man still at large . the two men were taken to the hospital , hoping for a speedy recovery for them and ENKA for their families after this tragic incident ! the terrible DIDT they must all be going through now . worrying and stressing over this unthinkable situation . i INVV do DE the person responsible is INNO and arrested quickly , to keep our community safe from additional attacks and to to get him the ENETKA he needs . not to TOTV DIDT in prison . certainly KANOTV
it 's a weird ironic KATP ENETKA once illegal animals are NO they may fare ET than if the smugglers were allowed to get away with them . it brings out the selfishness of humans and their inability to share this wonderful world with its other inhabitants . these animals NO be properly cared for , and perhaps IN of the financing could come from fines imposed upon the people who illegally absconded with them in the first KATO .
i DEIN ENETKA this is a kind of funny story . i enjoy EN about escaped animals from the zoo for IN ET . if EMET DEIN about it the zoo is just KATV TPWS animal jail . i EM INVV ENETKA i would resent the fact of being locked up if i was a wild animal . IN of these animals have never known the KA .
it seems pretty DENO to me ENETKA a machine ENETKA was off could just turn itself back on . i 'm INVV IN either accidentally turned it on or do it on EN . ENETKA sounds like a really awful way to go though being crushed like ENETKA . they ET come up with IN ET safety requirements to make INVV ENETKA does n't ENNO to anybody ever ETKATV .
i IN ET KA i was to TU mother especially in TU teens . it can be rough and now i ETKA ENETKA ET of ET it use to be . as a kid EMET always DEIN ENETKA EMET KAVE what is KA ENETKA EMET are VV KATV . EMET do n't really DEIN about other people and their feelings and EMET tend to KANO and just be this horrible version of yourself .
" looks like a lot of muslim EM crimes are going on , especially in ETTE york city . a lady EM her clothes set on NO KANOTV in public . people yelling " " get out of america " " at them , etc . i can understand people 's animosity towards them as their religious people essentially declared KA on TP , but not everyone is ENETKA extreme . "
i DE if i recognize this guy . i have n't heard of him up until now . he was just a little before our DIDT , although i 'm INVV he EM an impact on many of the people EN KAVE . it seems like he influenced many other comedians ENETKA i KAVE . i DEETTV on looking up KANOWT DEKATO to ETKA what is out there of him .
the article i ETTE was about the disparity in NO for birth control between men and women . a ETTE male birth control was rejected as TV ENKATP many KA effects on men , when options available to women have TP more and more EMEN KA effects . the article mentioned ENETKA birth control for women revolutionized lives so ENTP ENETKA the KA effects were deemed acceptable , but men are not accustomed to ceding convenience for NO , are used to women taking control in this area .
i was reading about a dad who DE KANOWT daughter in the charlie headboard attacks in paris . it was touching . i mean , it was dark , him talking about losing her and those feeling , as ENKANO as those of other people who lived it . but KANOWT story touched me . he was talking about all the notes he received and ET there was such an outpouring . he wrote a ENNOVV , and he 's healing . nice to ETKA theirs IN form of recovery after DEETVV so awful
micheal moore was KANOTV about this . KA could and did KA . the more EN dismissed him the stronger he got . i ca n't KATV KANOWT attitude and KANOWT lack of compassion . but i can understand ET he won . voters were fed up with the traditional lifetime politicians . i DEIN hillary DE the election more than KA won it . a lot of people did n't trust her and DI a change . now good or bad EN have change .
megan kelly during an EN , repeatedly shaking KANOWT finger at her and accusing her of being “ fascinated with sex ” because she brought up allegations of sexual assault against KA . in a scolding tone , gingrich tried to tell kelly which words she could or could not use . gingrich once EM a fascination of KANOWT KATV with EN clinton ’s sex life , as he was a driving force KA the movement to impeach clinton following a consensual sexual relationship he EM with a young former intern . clinton became the KA president in american history to be impeached by the house , but he was acquitted by the senate . voters , meanwhile , punished the republicans for what they saw as an overreach : the gop DE five house seats in the 1998 midterm elections , which led to gingrich ’s KA as speaker .
this article about the TETP / suicide of this TO just further proves ENETKA people who NO acts of TETP are usually mentally disturbed . they EN KA IR and themselves with or without access to a gun . this TETP / suicide was KA not KAWT by a gun . there are so many situations where a murderer EN kill themselves after they have harmed IR else , proving ENETKA they are very disturbed and they NO have received ENETKA of IN INVV . this EN prevent them from harming innocent people along with themselves .
i ca n't DEEN ENETKA this happened . can EMET DE what it must be like to KAWP from DEETVV so incredibly dangerous and then TV VE life at sea or ETKA people die while EMET 're escaping ? i DE sometimes what must possess refugees to do this . is there no other way for them to KAVE ? ET do they risk their lives when they KAVE the numbers of people who die in situations like this ? it must be awful where they are coming from for them to risk it all . i mean , DEIN at ENETKA star soccer player . she was like royalty in her country and a celebrated athlete . if even she took the risk and died , what must it be like for other people ?
it makes me EM to DEIN of this man who was mentally unstable attacking people . i DE sometimes ET many attacks are attributed to terrorists when in reality the people might just be mentally IRWP . i wish EN EM a ET system for treating mental illness in our country ET of locking people away .
friends and family - EN need to ENTP for those people in taiwan . they have just been TO by yet another hurricane . this has left their country in quite the EN down ETTO . people are EM effected in this country and need our DEEN and prayers . EN also need to ENTP for china due to the hurricane TVVV there next .
oh TU god ... i ca n't even DE the DEKA those two TE boys must have felt . i can only DE they did not ETKA it coming . ET disturbed must KATV be to ETKA this INVV of KANO as the only way out , the KANOTV KANO to do ? the pain and loss this family is feeling is probably only compounded due to the NO feelings of IR EMET EMEN committing such an atrocious act on others EMET EMEN , whose lives were just beginning . TE babies ... i do DE they did n't suffer . it shows ENETKA complaints of domestic issues NO be taken KANO , by everyone . it states he was under investigation / being sought for domestic violations . ET did he even get KANOWT KA on those boys ? it 's so EM .
this article about a firecracker going off during a protest is about the stupidest KANO i have seen in a while . the journalists are pond scum trying desperately to write anything they can to DE people up . college kids ca n't bear a firecracker going off , they need to ENNO mandatory military service like israel does , then maybe they would not be scared chickens crying about KA .
if EMET have gone through KA , gone through hell , EMET NO DE ENETKA when EMET come home to the country ENETKA EMET have been KA to protect ENETKA they EN take care of EMET in IN way ET of throwing EMET out into the cold and basically tell EMET good luck . it is heartbreaking to KAVE people out there are in poverty , but especially to KAVE ENETKA our KA veterans are treated this way .
this article reminds me of an incident ENETKA happened when i was a teenager . TU KA dad worked at a power plant and there was IN KA explosion and three people died . KATV of them was the father of a guy i knew from ENVE . i EM heard KANOWT ENETKA was crushed . it was very disturbing imagery and it has DITU with me since . i ENKA about TU husband working in a dangerous job , ENKATP , but it seems generally a lot of guys working in these places are n't following safety rules and ENETKA 's ET the accidents ENNO .
i just ETTE this article about a wolf being killed after traveling 700 miles by a government agent . i do n't understand it ! there was no ET for it . it EM n't attacked or disturbed anyone so what was the point of it all ? i ETKA like anymore people just kill animals to kill . this is ET KATV day so these animals EN be extinct . i DEIN ENETKA it NO be against the NO to kill any animal ENETKA has n't put EMET in EN in and way ! this is not ok ! this needs to stop ! i EM disgusted by it all !
it 's always EM to hear about someone(s ) dying especially there are children TP , luckily only adults were killed according to the article and the children survived but it 's emotional , physical , and mentally KA for the children to TE to it . maybe the adults were there parents and watching IN kill VE KATV family members is heart - wrenching . TU EMEN and prayers go out for the kids
this is awful ! i just ETTE ENETKA a family DE two family pets and their home due to a horrible NO , still in investigation ! this is KATV of those times when i let TU mind wander and i DEIN , what is going to ENNO to them ? where would they TP at night ? and the pain they must ETKA for not TV the pets , and a KATO to call their KATV .
a NO destroyed a family 's house . the people escaped and suffered no KA but two of their cats died . as a result of the NO , they are displaced but at least they 're alive . at least the EM KAVV is helping them out . they might be EM about the pets but i EM INVV they ETKA fortunate ENETKA no people died in this NO .
i always ETTE about these house fires and never DEIN about them ETKATV . ENETKA is DEETVV ENETKA i NO do less of . maybe i can find a way to EN DIDT or EN for families in tragedies so ENETKA they can get back on their KA as soon as possible . this recent reversal of TU attitude was because a friend of mine recently EM their apartment burn out due to a building NO .
is val wilmer healthy or not ? seems as though comments keep being made about KANOWT health and now michael douglas has even said DEETVV about him . although , just because the two worked together on the ghost and the darkness ( KATV of the KA movies ever ! ) does n't give him the KANOTV to make public comments about wilmer 's health whether it 's INKA or not . maybe he does n't want the whole world to KAVE if he 's going through DEETVV .
i bring EMET EM KA today , TU friend . a male wolf member of the huckleberry pack has been slaughtered . ET can they do this without consequences ? this event happened in montana . i have heard similar DTTP in ENETKA region of wolves being gunned down , especially from helicopters . it makes TU heart ETKA heavy . i KAVE EMET EN ETKA the same way . i EM strongly considering EN a EN to the center for biological diversity because they are KA on KA of wolves to stop this TETP . it was so cruel because the male was simply wandering for a mate . he did n't deserve what happened .
hello jane , ET have EMET been , i want to EMKA out an article i ETTE and is very heart breaking . a few families DE their loved KATV in a ride at the dreamworld TV park in queensland , australia . they were thrown off the ride into the water . it is a very EM story and it EN be investigated , also the dream world ceo has created a memorial at the park with 500 staff to EN , which is very kind .
the article was about ETTE global warming study.warns : KANO in southern spain in the future — climate scientists from france shared a TE this week about the possible grim future awaiting the country of spain , and the earth as a whole . they warned ENETKA if climate change continues , deserts in the middle east EN TO to the mediterranean and even KA southern spain , transforming today ’s deciduous forests into barren lands KA for plants and animals , and of course including humans . last year , hundreds of countries around the globe have signed a non - binding KANO . known as the paris KANO , its main goal is to stop global NO by implementing and keeping DEEN - NOVV solutions . the target is to keep temperature rising by more than 2 degrees celsius or 3.6 degrees fahrenheit
i just ETTE about this australian hiker ENETKA was DE in the malaysian jungle for two weeks and most of ENETKA DIDT without food . he was week but he survived . i 'm EM . i 'm happy he made it because to often EMET hear those DTTP of a DE hiker and it ends tragically . KANOWT friends and family say he has a strong mental attitude , he must . i do n't DEIN i 'd ever survive ENETKA DEEN especially since i do n't even KAVE anything about safe plants to eat like this guy must have . way to go sir . way to KA .
hopefully this KA ends soon its getting to be ENKATP ENTP the EN impact is getting bigger and bigger . if things font stop before DEEN then the KA wo nt be in ENETKA area till spread even wider as all the larger countries get TP and the KA just wo nt stop . maybe EN NO start a ENNO or DEETVV to get IN attention on this issue
regardless of what scientists DEEN the earth is warming . i DEIN ENETKA people are constantly always trying to come up with reasons as to what is happening with the earth , but these people are trying to pick this lady research apart . also , i EM not INVV ET sexual harassment plays into the article , but ENETKA is a TPWS KATV in the TP . people get harassed way to often in the workplace with nothing being KAWT .
so tragic and EM ENETKA this IN officer was just EN KANOWT job and now he 's gone and KANOWT family is left to EMNO KANOWT loss . i DE they figure out who did this and serve justice to the fullest extent . it sounds like it could be KATV of the people they INNO TP , though . i guess EN 'll find out later .
class differences EN and varies ET a parent raises their NO . middle - class parents raise their NO through the use of feelings and KA - class parents raise their children through behavior control . middle - class parents and KA - class parents raise their children to be like them feeling and behavioral wise . middle - class children get reprimanded for feeling the KANO way and KA - class children are punished for behaving badly
this really saddens me ENETKA people are so DE now a days . it never solves anything to hurt other people and this just shows a lack of judgment and NO . it feels as though there EM been a KA with humanity and EN do not have the KAWT for each other ENETKA e once EM . i DE ENETKA this person can find their way to a ET path .
i just ETTE an article about the attacks in a syrian town . it sounds horrible what they are going through . it talks about women and children dying . i tried to DE what it would be like to TV in such horror . it mentions many INNO on social media of pictures and videos . i would be KA in seeing IN of the pictures and videos of this violence . reading TP like this really makes EMET appreciate being in america .
EN just have a DEEN way to go . ENKATP many times EN do not DEEN the victim especially if they are females . things ENNO to them especially now and they are coming out but EN still ask for AVINNO when EN NO DEEN in them most and ENETKA NO be more than EMKA AVINNO . EN want to DEEN them and show them ENETKA EN care as people and ENETKA EN would do what it takes to get them the justice ENETKA they deserve
do EMET KAVE about erika virus KA ? ENETKA like dengue and west nile virus , this mosquito - spread disease is now going to be a regular fixture — and a perennial risk for pregnant women . the huge bloom of erika activity in the americas KANOTV now is unprecedented . a longtime TP army scientist who is now semiretired , hal stead believes erika EN vanish in a few years , likely for decades . ENETKA ’s the way another retrovirus , chikungunya works , he wrote in an article in emerging infectious diseases last year . “ the rate at which people are getting infected KANOTV now certainly suggests ENETKA EN ’re TVVV , within a year or two , to achieve sufficient herd immunity for this virus to die out ,
the pipeline seems to be interfering with native american tribes and is causing lots of environmental damage . i do ETKA for these individuals , and it 's important they get all the ENETKA they deserve . their ancestors were decimated throughout history and there inst EMKA reparations to IN the genocide ENETKA was caused .
i heard about a rock climber who died in vietnam trying to scale it 's highest mountain . i IN EN 've talked about going on vacation there . sadly it was a young guy , 22 , not ENTP younger than TP . it 's a really tragic story because he was on the trip with KANOWT girlfriend and when it went off on KANOWT KATV he became DE . in KANOWT final moments they were actually in ENKA through testing .
i ETKA EM yet ETKATV to here about more crimes against the native americans . the pipeline is disgusting and EN no DE result in leaks ENETKA contaminate water . it is good ENETKA people are protesting but i do n't ETKA it EN DIKATU up working . there is oil there and they EN kill people if they need to just like they do in every other country .
so i just ETTE this article , a very interesting KATV . EMET all need to ETTE it to understand what it is really about . there is a way the author puts things in a very simple way for everyone to understand . i would ENKA EMET all to find it and ETTE it . it EN be worth VE DIDT .
dear friend , i have just finished reading a very upsetting and tragic article . it told the story of a young teenage girl in india named ins ha mustache . she DE her vision and 14 years TETP because she was shot repeatedly with pellets . she has been in and out of hospitals for months trying to KA her vision , but so TP it has not been successful . she is trying to KA positive now but she knows ENETKA she has a difficult road TV of her . i DE ENETKA she regains her KA .
i do n't KAVE ENTP about the issues in syria and other countries in the middle east , but i 'm not a fan of KA or our KATO in these international conflicts . the KA states has EM military EN in the middle east for way ENKATP DEEN , and EN were deceived by president obama at the DIDT he started KANO . he stated he would TETV all troops out , but ENETKA never really happened . the troops may have decreased , but EN have a strong presence there still .
take a DEIN at this story ENETKA i INNO online . it 's about forest fires being spread out over a TO of KA states , pretty interesting . i KAVE ENETKA i sent EMET the pictures of what was happening around here , but EMET might be also KA in reading this story about ET it is happening all over the KATO .
EN need to recognize ENETKA global warming is real and acknowledge our ENKANO in it . EN as a globe need to take DEETTV and DEKATO together . the KA barrier reef is KATV of our planet 's more amazing wonders and EN need to do all EN can to protect it , while the amazon is n't EN absolutely fantastic EN 've improved the quality and conservation .
ENETKA is really EM to hear . it 's awful ENETKA cars can be so unsafe and sometimes people EN ET easy it is to get into an accident if everyone is n't careful and observant . it said this happened at 6:30pm so i DE if maybe the sun was shining KANOTV in IR 's eyes because ENETKA has happened to me at sunset and i could barely ETKA . it 's difficult to TETV over and stop in those EN as ENKANO .
wow - what a lucky cop ! ! i ca n't DEEN he was able to stop ENETKA guy . the community is ENTP ET off without him . as fascinating as i find INKA INNO , i really do n't understand the impulse of IN people to kill . it 's crazy . i ca n't DEEN the damage ENETKA guy caused . luckily , he was stopped ! !
i DEIN EN all need to do a ET job of taking care of are forest and water ways because EN KAWT on these to survive and if EN are killing animals and fish the KANO way and they start to go away it could have a TPWS impact on TP and by ENETKA DIDT it could be to late to do anything about it . so EN need to put laws in ENETKA EN ENETKA the animals but also ENETKA allow TP to fish for them the KANOTV way not by taking a shortcut
EMET KAVE i 'm not a fan of religion in any TP , but this type of KANO EN everywhere . there 's always IN idiot who goes off and uses religion , bigotry , sex , gender , anything really as an ET . it 's EM ENETKA EMET ETTE DEETVV like this and it does n't even ETKA like KA . perhaps its just our access ENETKA 's TOTV this seem ordinary .
just came across an article ENETKA involves shootings and people being killed . the story is about a white person in KANOWT 50 's if i EM not mistaking ENETKA was bothered by the WS music ENETKA was playing in a duran go by IN black teenagers at a gas station in florida . there was an AVKANO regarding the music and IN ETKA of words . the white guy shot the 17 year TETP black kid 6 times . he was convicted for life with the possibility of parole after 2 years . he was denied . these situations are complicated and they are happening quite often lately . there NO be a limit on many things , and KATV of them NO be the guns . there NO be a stricter gun control .
i like EN DE turkey to KA its parliamentary democracy , including KAWT for human KA and the rule of NO , and EN are conveying these expectations directly to the turkish authorities , ” gathering said in a TO with the eu ’s enlargement commissioner , erdoğan has launched repeated personal attacks on demirtaş , who analysts have seen as the sole politician in turkey who comes anywhere near to rivaling KANOWT charisma . demirtaş has made it a personal crusade to ENKANOTO erdoğan ’s DEETTV for a presidential system in turkey , which the hp says would lead to dictatorship .
i ca n't DE what it must have been like for the people who were caught up in this , ET helpless they must have felt . not TV any recourse for so DEEN , no KATV EN anything to KANOTV the wrongs , just feeling like it 's ok for EMET to be abused and for it to go on for so DEEN and ENNO to so many people . maybe they ETKA IN kind of closure now though .
working out is important , but EMET may want to check the ingredients of the supplements EMET take . this article talks about a VV of ingredients ENETKA can KA dangerous KA effects and are also very common in DEKATO out supplements . it 's scary to DEIN about what EN are putting in our body . from now on , i EM probably going to DITU back and go more natural .
did EMET hear about the earthquake in tanzania ? there were over 200 deaths . it 's so scary because EMET ca n't really ENETKA for DEETVV like ENETKA . i TV in california so people are always NO TP about the san andres KANO line . i get so EM KA about ET bad it might get if DEETVV like ENETKA EN to TP .
i 'm EMKA ENETKA they finally put an DIKATU to this EN killing spree . i 'm not INVV ET he did what he did but he was obviously mentally IRWP and was n't taking KANOWT medication . i DEEN friends EM to have been helping him KATP otherwise i do n't KAVE ET he could have hidden so DEEN otherwise . anyways , incidents like this only makes them try to crack down harder on guns and our KA to bear arms , but this person was KA mentally IRWP .
it 's always EM when EMET TV the legends no matter what . for KATV it makes EMET ETKA TETP but for two EMET TV any future of their DEKATO . it is also EM for the family who loses a loved KATV and is KA to DE the NO of keeping up the name of the famous person they 've loss . i mean ET do EMET KAVE what they would do with the KA of their music or if EMET NO even use them anymore ?
hey what TO going on jacob ? i want to tell EMKA out DEETVV i ETTE in this article . there was a saudi - led KA ENETKA is backed by the TP , they EM led an INKA in yemen , ENETKA EM killed around 43 people . this is EM to hear so ENTP killing in this world . according to what i ETTE this happened because they are trying to take IR out of power and they are trying to bring in a ETTE leader , i DEIN KANOWT name is abed rambo man sour . the usa wants to put him in there . also they are more people dying from the DEEN conflict , people are starving and also planes EM attacked a funeral KATO and they EM killed people there as ENKANO . all this necessary killing is not good for this word . this is really , really bad ENETKA EN need KA to IN problems .
wow , can EMET DEEN he survived in the jungle ENETKA DEEN on KANOWT KATV ? it is amazing what the human body is capable of hey ? i IN the last DIDT i went a TO days without food and it was so intense . people DEIN they are ready to survive in the wild but EN really have so few skills to get food for ourselves without the KANOTV tools . it 's amazing ENETKA he was INNO after all ENETKA DIDT . i DE ET DEEN it EN take for him to recover ?
this article DE disturbs me . the fact ENETKA EN KATV muslims and people of their culture like dogs and terrorist is disgusting and KANO both morally and ethically . the way they are being shown on tv and media is KANO and horrible . our president thinks ENETKA if EN NO muslims from the country , all of a sudden our nation is safe . when the fact of the matter is , most shootings ENETKA ENNO in this country , are from caucasians . muslims are shown in bad light due to IN extremist and they do not deserve this treatment .
i ETKA so EM for the world . the world needs a revolution and good people in NO of the countries . bad people need to disappear from this world , EN need specials force to KATV with injustice from this world . a lot of people is in pain because of KA beliefs , race , culture and bad presidents . people around the world NO have the same opportunities to be happy and have a fair life . i would like to ENETKA every injustice in the world . TPWS countries in the would NO ENETKA all the people ENETKA are suffering because of injustice . i can ETKA a lot of pain around the world and i just can say ENETKA a lot of people with resources are extremely selfish . EN need powerful people dealing with this kind of situations . on the other hand , people NO make disappear isis from the map asap .
ENETKA 's really KA ENETKA people would make such a TPWS KATV about her being single and DI for KANO . ENETKA seems really petty , i wish people would ENTO all their attention on the real issues when it comes to politics . it seemed like the rules for moldova did n't consider ENETKA a single person might EN , i DEIN they NO update it .
a man has took it on himself to kill evasive mice ENETKA have doubled in size on an island . the mice feed on birds and when the birds have babies its like a buffet for them to thrive on . i DE it must be disgusting to have so many mice EN what they please and destroying other animals . it gives me the creeps KA about it .
z did EMET hear ? ? kate unsaleable and len wise man broke up ! ! ! ! i ca n't DEEN it . what happened ? i 'm distraught . at least they do n't have any kids so they do n't have to put them through ENETKA whole KANO about NO . but i mean come on , she can barely even ENKA to get back out there , without her wedding ring ? ? ? jeez . EM .
i just ETTE an article about 500 people being killed in an earthquake . i ETKA so blessed ENETKA i TV in a ETTO where i do n’t DEKA earthquakes , or EMEN tornado warnings , flash floods or major disasters . of course vermont has EM our issues and weather events ENETKA caused damage , however EN ’re not in a region of the world where EN DEKA for our lives at KA months of the year . i could not DE being terrified for TU children , EN , and family like IN of these families are . living through an experience like ENETKA , must leave KA emotional scars while growing up .
EMET KAVE ET EMET were TV DI sleeping ? here , ETTE about people who have tinnitus - it 'll put EMET to TP . i ETKA like more NO be KAWT to ENETKA the seven percent who say their tinnitus is a TPWS problem for them , though . ENETKA 's the same as any other psychiatric complaint , KANOTV ? if it 's affecting VE life so ENETKA EMET ca n't function normally , there NO be IN kind of ENETKA for EMET
since KA became president it has been ETKATP ENETKA people who are racist , misogynist , and sexist people have been hiding , probably because NOVE overall expresses these things as a bad KANO . but since they ETKA a leader ENETKA is like them , it gives them fuel to be bad people in public and even are proud of it . i just EM KA and KA about him as ENKANO as KANOWT supporters .
what i learned about this situation was ENETKA sometimes life is not fair . seeing this boy trapped in a KATO for 4 days is terrible . KANOWT TE body tried to survive and grab on for dear life but children are not NOTO from this life . to DEIN about ENETKA kid in ENETKA KAVV makes me EM . KANOWT family is the KATV ENETKA suffers unfortunately .
another AV of the government disregard for the indian people who lived here before EN ever arrived . EM in this day and NO they are just trying to protect their land . stop the potential for environmental damage to the land where they have lived for thousands of years . do n't EN ETTE anything from history . ET can they shot and KA these people just protecting their land and way of life .
istanbul , have EMET heard what is going on over near turkey ? man i EM not even really INVV myself but it sounds pretty messed up . at least eight members of parliament were charged with IN type terrorism - related crimes . this is just sickening to me . turkey ’s parliament voted to strip lawmakers of their immunity
KA refuses to take a salary from the government for being president . ENKANO he is rich so $ 400,000 is probably nothing to him . its saving the government but ENETKA would probably be the only smart ENNO he TO made since he TO been in the white house period . in not a KA supporter but i like the idea ENETKA he chose to save the government EN .
reading this article makes me DIENKA . i EM what EN do to native people . it seems as a NOVE EN seem to ignore their feelings and traditions just to ENNO ourselves forward . EN EN ENETKA EN intruded onto their land to make ourselves homes ENETKA EN enjoy yet EN ca n't DIENNO them the same good feeling . to even DEIN ENETKA the option of TV dangerous amounts of mercury seep into the waters is beyond me .
" a little animal called the aquitaine is an endangered species . efforts are being made to save the species but many conservation groups do not DEIN these efforts EN be successful . they call it " " quick INKANO " " intervention . usually , when efforts are made to conserve a species , the efforts are unsuccessful . apparently these animals are KA porpoises which get trapped in nets . "
EMET KAVE i EMEN playing devil 's advocate and TV random AVKA on things . ENKANO here 's another KATV of TU crazy ideas so ENETKA yourself . i DEIN ENETKA the mayor of sacramento is blessed ENETKA 's all ENETKA happened to him . KA he may be DIENKA and a little shaken , but he still gets to go home to KANOWT family and enjoy KANOWT wealth . he does n't TV KANOWT job and he is n't majorly damaged . i would easily take a pie in the EMKAWT if afterwards i was a rich white man who still EM supporters KA me .
ENETKA 's interesting about the buzzing possibly being created by the brain . i always thought it was created by the auditory nerve . IR very DIKA to me deals with tinnitus every day , and i always thought it was odd because i 'm the KATV who has worked in WT noise environments , but she 's the KATV who suffers with it . it 's interesting because it says psychotherapy is a possible solution which would make TP very happy if it 's real .
did EMET hear about the shipwreck in egypt ? unfortunately it looks like fifty five people have died . it 's such a EM story . i ETKA so bad for the families and ENETKA has to be a odd feeling for the 150 or so ENETKA survived . so many people swam to save their lives . i would never be able to do ENETKA ! there were also children on the boat , so ENETKA is incredibly EM . i EM ENETKA people died and EM no TU of survival .
i 'm not INVV ET to ETKA about animals ENETKA are considered as abused when being used for entertainment purposes . it gives TP the opportunity to ETTE and ETKA them up DIKA but at the same DIDT its KA to ISTO the fact ENETKA these animals might be feeling pain . i mean DE being captive by monkeys VE whole life so they can introduce them to humans . would be EM .
honestly i do ETKA bad for him but at the same DIDT EMET NO not be taking a selfish around an animal ENETKA is KA so dangerous . pythons are really dangerous animals and i get ENETKA the man EM rescued the reptile from a local hotel but even still , EMET need to have VE eyes on ENETKA KANO at all times . i ETKA like IN people are not as responsible as they NO be , and ENETKA goes for anything . people are ENKATP busy spending their life looking through the viewfinder of their smartphone camera and are so busy trying to INWT KA online in their desperate , never ending quest for more likes and followers ENETKA they are willing to put their personal safety on the line , and ENETKA 's really EM and i DEIN it really speaks to where EN 're going as a NOVE as ENKANO , and it 's frustrating .
i EM so bothered and DIENKA about the elementary ENVE teacher ENETKA was charged with NO pornography . i can not DEEN a trusted individual would NO such a heinous INNO involving children ! this infuriates me to TU core ENETKA IR could hurt innocent children this way ! does this make EMET just as mad ? i really ETKA for those parents of the children TP and DE ENETKA it does not do permanent damage to all those DTENWS babies !
EMET mean EMET ca n't EM in smog and pollution and walk away unscathed ? who knew ? ! this article states so ENTP obviousness , ENETKA EMET would DE people were already IN of these issues . EMET have cancer ? ENKANO , EMET EM ET ENNO away from ENETKA smog bowl EMET TV in ! india and china are both owners of IN nasty smog infested cities . not DE .
so EM ! the middle east just keeps getting ET . i EM what ’s happening to these people , but i ’m not INVV ET to IN it . i wish there was a simple , easy INKANO . however , it seems like every DIDT EN try to INKANO DEETVV it just gets ET . it ’s such a complex situation with no easy ENINKANO . unfortunately , i do n’t ETKA it being solved any DIDT soon .
josh , i just ETTE about the calais refugee camp ENETKA was set up in france to house the people from syria ENETKA the maniac killing KANOWT KATV people drove away . the problem with all of this is the country of syria must come to a KATO where they take back what has been taken from them . but EMET KAVE ET they ca n't ? the citizens were not allowed to be armed and any weapons they have now have been supplied by TP and the allies . ETTV AV as to ET our founders wrote the KA amendment .
this article talks about pouching in africa . it 's really EM EN about the rhinos . EN need to protect these animals . these animals are more important ENETKA the people poaching them . those poachers deserve to die ; they are horrible people and they are destroying a unique species . this is a terrible KANO . they desperately need to protect these TE rhinos from people .
this is troubling as it is unusual to have two people die of this KA at the same DIDT . this seems DENO as ENKANO . i DE the authorities can find IN answers so this tragedy is not repeated . i DE the family can eventually find IN KA and get the information they need for closure on their loss .
so , a man in china , put a chopstick into KANOWT penis . yeah , EMET heard me . he DI to ETKA if he EM an infection or DEETVV , and ET of being a normal person , and going to the doctor , he decided to KA ENIN and ETKA what he could find . he ended up TV to have surgery to remove the chopstick out of KANOWT penis . what would possess a man , to do such a KANO ? , the only KANO i can DEIN of after reading this story , , is about ET real mental illness is .. there is no other INNO in TU opinion on ET IR so masochistic . i mean , the doctors said , any further , and he would have killed himself . it hurts me just KA about this .
this breaks TU heart . i mean , i KAVE there 's DI everywhere , but these people have absolutely no DE , and the KA states caused this , so EN share NO . i 'm going to DEIN around and ETKA which refugee organizations are trying to ENETKA , and DEEN EN information . are EMET in ? i 'll ETKA if alan wants to bring this up at church , ENKATP .
this is just crazy , EMET have to ETKA for the mother , but at the same DIDT what kind of apartment has ENETKA many violations and is still not punished . they need to ENNO them and anybody TP with this . i ca nt DEEN ENETKA in today 's NOVE ENETKA tragedies like this are tolerated . IN needs to go to jail for the death of this little girl and the injuries ENETKA her mother suffered . i ca nt DE what the mother is going through and she probably blames herself . things like this NO just not ENNO .
this is just such a EM situation . i wish they EM been able to find out more when they investigated , but i guess they ca n't always get it KANOTV . i really ETKA for the father . he did what he could to stop KANOWT son and he was n't able to . it reminds me of a KA person i KAVE whose family member was TP in a KA kind of violent extremism . sometimes people EMET EMEN go on terrible paths and EMET do n't have EMKA information to do anything until it 's ENKATP late .
this article is so alarming . the fact ENETKA many indonesians are n't safe in their KATV home country is very distressing . a lot of people ca n't afford to leave , so they 're DITU risking their lives because of this haze , which is nothing ENETKA they can do anything about . a lot of innocent people are getting a raw KATV , here .
i just ETTE about the KA of the women from ENETKA national geographic magazine . EMET KAVE , the KATV with the striking green eyes . she 's in her 40s now , and she was just arrested for staying illegally in pakistan . if worst comes to worst , she could be put in jail for 14 years or deported back to the KATO she was trying to KAVE . it breaks TU heart to ETKA refugees who are just looking for a safe KATO to TV being at risk for deportation .
showing just ET amazing females have been EN especially in sports . it makes EMET DE just ET KA they have been working and becoming role models for young girls . ENETKA they would do whatever it took to KATU DEETVV and people like rounds ENKA and ET ENTP she achieved just shows what it means to be a champion .
i just ETTE this article about ENKA lenses . it has IN good information about the KA associated with improper wear of contacts . i ca n't DEEN there are IN people who store their lenses in VE water . gross ! i definitely make it a point to not wear TU lenses over the 30 day limit and i try to never fall asleep in wearing them .
it ’s a EM day when young kids are killing themselves . they act on impulse and do not ET ENETKA their actions have lasting consequences . if IR was just their to ENVE to these kids a lot of this probably would’t be happening . its just so EM especially for the parents and grandparents but also for the whole family .
hey , so i just ETTE about this NO in arizona . it was not super serious and no KATV besides KATV person needed to go to the hospital . it was not like super tragic but it just makes me DEIN about TU KATV life . it also makes me really DEIN about TU living situation . i have never thought about ET i TV in an apartment building shared with several other people and ENETKA their actions could have EMEN consequences . for AV , say IR DENO me has a NO who is playing with the stove and the parents are unaware . i NO could start and all of ENETKA is beyond TU control . it really freaks me out now ENETKA i KAVE IR besides just myself could KA TU home or personal belongings . even ET , IR could TV their life .
i ETTE an article today ENETKA was discussing the problems with sudan in africa . the article was kind of KA to DIENKANO , but it seems like there is a lot of political and KA keeping DI there . i really ETKA terrible for all the innocent people ENETKA are caught up in IR power plays and government issues . people 's lives are being ruined and destroyed every day .
there was just a 5.0 earthquake in oklahoma . fortunately , no KATV was badly injured . i did n't even KAVE they EM earthquakes there . it must be very scary to have to go through KATV of those . i 'm EMKA EN do n't have them here . EN used to have drills at ENVE , in the event of an earthquake , but ENETKA just seems like a TP of DIDT . i 've never even been through KATV .
did EMET hear the story about the orangutan named diana ? she was illegally captured with , i DEIN , three others . these animals are becoming extinct . the good KA is , though , ENETKA she was saved . when she was INNO she was blind and partially paralyzed , due to meningitis , i INVV because she was n't being taken care of . i do n't understand ET people can KATV these beautiful animals so poorly . it really make me EM .
the research team from australia ’s university of queensland said the earth has DE nearly 1.3 million square miles of wilderness . they’be defined wilderness as an area with no human development . dr. james watson of the university of queensland in australia said globally important wilderness areas are completely ignored in environmental policy , and ENTP has been paid to the loss of species . without any policies to protect them , they are “ falling victim to widespread development , ” he added . dr. watson also revealed ENETKA humanity has KATV to two decades to turn things around . to date , the world has a total of 30.1 million km2 , or around 20 percent of the world ’s land area , ENETKA TU as wilderness , with the TV being located in countries in north america , north asia , australia and north
it 's about DIDT ! i really support them EN this ENNO . i DE ENETKA they take it KANO and are able to NO the saudi women who have been oppressed for so DEEN . EMET would never ETKA ENETKA kind of ownership / guardianship system in places like the KA states . maybe feminism really is sparking change around the world .
rhinos are going extinct , and it TO a real shame since they do nothing to KA human life . they are a majestic creature with ENTP to DIENNO . however , they are being killed because of poachers and their horn . the black rhino is almost extinct . only about five thousand still exist in the world today , and this is a real shame .
i INNO this article ENETKA was really EM about these divers ENETKA they INNO TP in a florida cave system . it was so EM . i was really depressed after reading it . perhaps they NO n't have gone so TP down because there was a sign saying not to , but still , it was very EM ENETKA they died . they were experienced and NO have survived , but they did n't . i really ETKA EM for their friends and family . they EN be dearly missed . please ENTP for them and their families .
did EMET ETKA all of ENETKA TP going on over in syria and ET donald KA in working with the russian president to missile ENET the people over there ? man , they really have it pretty bad with all of the TP going on . i ETKA really bad for the people who are living there ENETKA really do n't want any ENKANO of what is going on . could EMET DE TV dinner and a missile comes flying over VE house ? i EM definitely EMKA i TV where i TV .
i just ETTE an article about two TP military personals being shot in jordan . i have so many emotions DI through me . i EM EM about the loss of lives . i EM in disbelief . ET could this ENNO ? the article said they do not DEEN it was a roster INKA so ENETKA makes me ETKA relieved , but still EM . TP is there to KA jordan for training . ET our are people being attacked ? ! the article said they failed to stop at the entrance so i do not KAVE if maybe it was a miscommunication . i EM TV to what actually happened . from what i ETTE there was an INKA on jordan when they just drove and barreled through their border so they are on WT EN . TU heart goes out to all of those TP and i EM EM . but ET on earth would they DEIN ENETKA the TP military personal are planning
hey , i DI to share this article with EMET ENETKA i just INNO . it is about the issue with junk food ads and targeting kids . EN were talking about this the other day . ENKANO apparently it EN not be ending any DIDT soon . it is a billion dollar industry and there is very little anyone can do about it . there are organizations out there ENETKA is trying to prevent this and KA against childhood obesity . the who organization is blaming video bloggers / bloggers who get paychecks from junk food companies . they are claiming ENETKA they are more powerful than ads . i 'm not INVV i DEEN ENETKA but it could be possible , EMET DEIN ?
i 'm always DIENKA to hear about violence erupting as a result of lives DE due to IN action . i DEEN most IN officers are good people , but there is a pervasive issue of racism ingrained in many IN departments . the protests were certainly justified . IN NO be subjected to psychological testing to DEINKAVV whether they have an inclination toward racism . those ENETKA do need to be removed from active NO immediately .
i KAVE ENETKA EMET are an animal lover like i EM . it really bothers me ENETKA individuals open up zoos and do n't really care about the animals . it is wonderful ENETKA an organization was available to take these animals out of the zoo near the gaza strip . i EN not be going to any zoos anytime soon . ET about EMET ? animals need to be free , not stared at and yelled at by little children . they deserve space . for now on when IR asks me to go to a zoo , TU ENINKANO is noon !
global warming and fires and now being considered to be linked to KATV another . while being a resident of california , this to me is not surprising . unfortunately EN as a nation need to open our eyes up and ET the impact ENETKA EN are TV on our environment . even ET is now EN have a president who in KANOWT KATV words ETKA as though global warming is just a fabrication . this is going to cost TP more EN in the NO KA department and EN are going to ETKA way ET KA affects from this problem .
hello friend , have EMET ETTE this article ? i DEIN EMET NO , it 's quite interesting if i do say so myself . it is about a representative named darrell issac , he is a republican and has a southern california EN . ET KA would it be , to ETKA this massively bad man TV ? hopefully , issac may ENKANO AV mercuric on november 8ht : “ ... ask for me to - morrow and EMET shall find me a grave man . ”
i guess people do n't ET ET ENTP of an impact they can have . the article says if people would have KAWT DEETVV they could have stopped the extinction of the animals . but at the same DIDT , it is people 's action indirectly ENETKA caused the extinction , through contributing to climate change . there is so ENTP ENETKA can go out of DE in nature when people are TP . when KATV species dies off , then KA in ENETKA ecosystem changes . i guess the article was kind of interesting . but what is the solution the problem they are talking about ? ET NO people DIKATUTV to save those animals ?
there are a lot of older people in russia who survived the KA world KA who are now trying their KA to survive . many estimates say ENETKA there are a lot of people in russia who survived only on $ 4.50 a day . with this little EN they do not have the luxury of going out to eat . also when living on so little EN it is dangerous because of health care problems . if KATV has to have surgery or even get expensive medication it can be a real setback to their life VV . i DE the russian economy becomes ET EMKA to support it 's elderly and everyone else in the country .
there 's DEETVV terrifying about being attacked by animals . it 's even more horrifying to find out the animals ENETKA are attacking EMET are the ones EMET DEIN are so cute and adorable . i just ETTE an article about squirrels attacking a retirement home and injuring three elderly . it must have been so terrifying for them to DI this event . DE going out to feed the squirrels like EMET usually do and in turn get attacked by these rabid critters ! it 's so shocking and i 'm still shaking after reading this . they EM to call in the ambulances and animal control to ENETKA the situation out . this is tragic . the bites from the INKA could lead to rabies and other diseases . i ETKA troubled KA about this because these elderly ca n't really ENKA quick EMKA in these situations .
i just ETTE about a car KA in prince georges county , near clinton . it TP three vehicles and it happened at the tail DIKATU of TU hour . it said ENETKA KATV woman was critically injured , but i DE if the passengers in the other two vehicles were injured . maryland drivers suck . i avoid anywhere near dc since the roads are not conducive to safe driving .
i just ETTE this crazy article about wells fargo ENETKA i thought i would share with EMET . it turns out ENETKA WP level employees were signing people up for products and things ENETKA they did not need . sometimes they were even forging signatures to get this KAWT . now before EMET jump to conclusions and thin k ENETKA this is all the employees KANO let me fill EMET in IN more . management came up with a quota and incentive system where employees(who do n't make very good EN to DITUTV with ) would make extra EN the more people they signed up to these ETTE accounts . so basically the people in NO over there thought ENETKA it was a good idea to screw over their account holders and give their WP - level employees crazy quotas , all so they could make more EN . then its the workers getting fired .
EN this KA makes me so sick . the worst KANO a person can do is to hurt a defenseless animal for no ET . it 's so sickening ENETKA IR felt the need to senselessly TETP KATV of these amazing horses . it makes me so EM ENETKA this happened , and i really DE the culprit gets brought to justice .
the tweets attacked her personally , she explained in a blog INNO on thursday , and celebrated the DIKATU of “ mockingbird . ” “ mockingbird is canceled , ” cain EM tweeted early last week . “ but EN need to make INVV @marvel makes room for more titles by women about women kicking ass . ” she also tweeted out the KATP of the last “ mockingbird ” issue and encouraged followers to buy ENETKA issue and “ send a IN to @marvel ENETKA there ’s room in comics for super her DTTP about grown - up women .
boy i ca n't ever DE being in a NO like these people . first VE scared about just trying to get out . then VE looking out for VE neighbors and their pets . man just tragic really tough . now they have to find somewhere to KA . just turns VE life upside down . paperwork keepsakes so KA to get over . even if VE not hurt it must affect EMET for the rest of VE life .
apparently an actor was INNO TP in a talk show host 's home . not INVV what occurred but EMET have to ETKA EM for those DIKA to them . i certainly do n't want to be EN and DE ENETKA demons finally caught up with him or an assault of IN INVV occurred but it is odd and they KA have family who DE a loved KATV . it a shame ENETKA IR with talent to DI and act would TV their life at a younger NO and i guess it could be any of TP but it 's EM fur those who knew him and TU heart goes out to them .
if people are concerned about others to where they ETKA DEKA . they need to leave the situation entirely . no working things out , no seeing what EN . if EMET ETKA threatened , leave ! the problem is most people DEIN they ca n't just KA KA . but it 's mostly because they either do n't KAVE ET , or do n't want to TV any other lesser lifestyle than they are accustomed to . kids EN away all the DIDT from home with no skills , or means to get by . many of them DIKATU up TOTV it out ok . IN do n't , but it 's usually due to TOTV the KANO choices . taking the easy way out . EN are free to make our KATV choices , and TV the life EN can TV . so ET would any KATV ever put up with feeling threatened , when they can just leave , and disappear . even if EMET have no where to go , EMET can always die .
just INNO this article ; not DE by this at all . i ca n't DEEN there are truly female KA voters but i 'm not DE ; racism is DEETVV they all TO together with . she really NO just leave the party if she actually has any sense . ETKA free to share this with IR else as ENKANO if EMET want .
hey check this out , EMET are a TPWS leonard cohen fan KANOTV ? this is EM , but this is life . i often DEIN about the deaths of TETP people , NO EN be EM ? NO EN WT their life ? what is the appropriate emotion to experience at this point . i KAVE i was EM when TU two grand fathers died , but ENETKA is personal .
apparently isis is still prevalent in pakistan .. there have been numerous attacks on the public and a IN academy . as bad as this INWT is for IN ET i do n't find them to be ENETKA TPWS of a threat to americans . at least not the ones here at home . by the way was n't donald KA DEKA to get rid of isis completely ?
hello friends i have just ETTE an article about these people from egypt ENETKA were on a boat and then they got shipwrecked i DEIN . the recent scientist of the earth have no INNO the INNOVE about the ship and the bodies and are beginning to make ideas up about the people . they said ENETKA the people were on the ship and i forgot ET or what they were EN but it is still a little bit interesting . the article was very DEEN and KA to ETTE though .
hey , are n't EMET from the south ? have EMET EM any issues with wildfires in VE area ? there 's all this talk about forest fires and droughts in california , but this is the first DIDT i 've heard about TP going down in VE area . KA okay down there ? make INVV EMET KA safe ! i KAVE EMET do n't go out ENTP , but it does n't take ENTP to have a disaster to fall on VE doorstep .
it does n't matter what country EMET TV in . the powerful EN always stomp on the weak . expecting anything from VE government or VE party is pointless unless EMET have IN amount of EN . politics have not stopped KA , poverty , disease , INNO , or anything else . it simply is a way to KA mass amounts of people no TO than in olden times . they keep painting a pretty picture , and EN all TV in this illusion ENETKA life can be KA here or there . but ENETKA is because there is not EMKA ENTO on the horrible things happening under our noses , even in our KATV neighborhoods . people are wretched , and those who EN to power EN KATUTV to be the most retched as they sell themselves out to any donor , or support ENETKA EN keep them in power .
i would ETKA absolutely horrible to be in any of these parents shoes , i ETKA like they probably DEIN they are completely DE , anxious , deserted . i would be a KATV mess . i font KAVE exactly what i would do in ENETKA situation . i ETKA like the chances are good EMKA for them to try for ENETKA KA baby but i do understand them not wanting to try because of the KA chances of the other KATV TV the erika virus anyways .
the person ENETKA rented out the apartment i ETKA was in the KANO EN because they dint KATV the KATO so when the damages came it he wast able to INKANO the problems TOTV it the owners problem which led to them finding out and TV to file the NO suite for 20k to get there EN back so it was a messy situation
yuck . although i do n't DEIN EMET can say it was particularly disturbing for women because a lot of women voted for the misogynistic ass . the real problem was reasonable people did n't EN to WT . i did . and after the election KA i was so depressed , i stayed home and drank wine ENETKA day . i did n't have to DEKATO .
i just ETTE this article about a really bad accident ENETKA happened at a water park . apparently , the ride malfunctioned and threw IN kids from the ride and the parents were DITU in the raft and they were DITU underwater and were hitting the machinery below . everyone kept talking about ET horrific it was and what a terrible tragedy it was . i ETKA really bad for these people and it really makes EMET DE if EMET NO go to a park ever ETKATV . EMET 're DEKA to have fun at these places but EMET never really ever DEIN about actually getting hurt when EMET get on these rides . those TE people , they just DI to have a nice afternoon and it just ended so badly .
hey , josh have EMET seen this ? world currencies are going to be taking a TO , i just DI to let EMET KAVE . the KATV misunderstanding of ET to EN DEETVV as simple as a bank multiplied by thousands around the country of india is bringing ENETKA country to its KA . EN ETKA this ENNO all the DIDT where markets are controlled by the government and DEETVV stagnates then EN add more controls and now EN have a depression .
so three missiles get shot up in the TV randomly like if this were to be a daily routine . nobody was going to do anything about it . the craziest ENKANO about it is reading about the father who the article states ENETKA jokingly told KANOWT family to NO him if he did not KATV home ENETKA night . ENETKA man did not KATV home ENETKA i find insane .
wow , just wow . i DEIN ENETKA the possibility of nominating this DENOWT for the supreme ENKANO really needs to be reexamined NO in ENETKA this nomination could KA bigger problems and chaos across the country . there would be heavy debates and fights from both KA and in the DIKATU , there unfortunately would be no ETTV .
while i obviously DEIN ENETKA it is EM ENETKA an animal is TP since i EMEN animals , what i mostly ETKA reading this story is aggravation . it really annoys and worries me ENETKA people ENKA climate change is a political issue when EN can ETKA its effects everywhere , including in the form of the current extinction crisis . i KAVE ENETKA this particular KATV was due to a fungus , but it is ENKANO of a trend and might be related , so ENETKA is what this makes me DEIN of . i always ETKA frustrated and EM about the future whenever i EM reminded ENETKA extinctions like this and other problems are just going to keep happening because conservatives refuse to acknowledge ENETKA the problem even exists . it could be fixed , but probably wo n't be , and ENETKA irritates me .
i really DEIN everyone NO ETTE this article . this story shows perfectly ET damaging and dangerous guns can be to all people on both KA of the NO . this is ET this country needs to make it harder for everyone to be able to KA a gun . this is especially INKA to those who have been TP in domestic and sexual KANOWP incidents .
overall the problem here seems to be ENETKA overuse of resources in a KA area needs to be stopped . simply pumping more water is n't the issue and perhaps the fact ENETKA ENKATP many people are trying to use ENETKA water source NO be DEETVV ENETKA 's looked into . there NO also be IN INVV of testing and filtering system put into KATO to protect the people .
IN ENETKA story ENETKA i told EMET about TU neighbor paul from TU TETP neighborhood and ET he EM served in iraq and EM come home and EM potsdam ? i INNO this article ENETKA explains it pretty good and DEIN EMET might be KA in reading it to KATV with the ETTE coworker ENETKA EMET have ENETKA has similar issues .
it is about DIDT ENETKA for profit education has EM the breaks put on them . provide a substandard education at the students and government 's DT in unconscionable . they NO have been KAVE down years earlier . there are so many cheaper and ET alternatives to obtaining and education . i do n't ETKA EM for them
i ETKA bad for ENETKA baby . the way it sounds , especially with the bottle of milk being in there , it sounds like IR EM the baby and could n't keep it so they left it there . i wish people would use the NO station safe haven option . i thought it was interesting ENETKA they mentioned ENETKA a 14 year TETP heard the cries . i DE if the 14 year TETP was the KATV who EM the baby and EM to KATP it .
a guy named collins was charged with stealing nude celebrity photos and videos . while KANOWT behavior is KA unacceptable , KATV KANO to DEETTV is the article is calling this a hack . hacking and nothing is safe , not EMET , not yours , not VE loved ones , is kind of a way to make people EMKA and keep reading . in reality , this guy just kinda sent an email to these celebrities and said hey i need VE password this is google from google , hurry its an emergency and they fell for it . i ETKA bad for them , EN 've all been tricked at least once in our lives by DEETVV on the internet , but it is n't like this guy cracked the security of google and EN 're all doomed .
this is the kind of TP ENETKA EN all over and is always under reported because the perpetrators of such sexual harassment and assaults are protected by their power in NOVE and other powerful people . it was DEEN just an unspoken or open NOVE ENETKA everyone basically knew , but it 's good ENETKA it 's finally coming to light with people willing to speak up , especially the victims . if they did n't speak up , people would go on KA ENETKA this kind of TP only EN in tv and movies . art imitates life , and vice avers .
so the IN INNO this woman wondering the streets in philadelphia at 1 EM with no KA on in the cold . she was in IN kind of daze , probably alzheimer 's or DEETVV . anyways , their trying to identify her . it would suck to be in ENETKA ETTO of mind . sounds horrible and potentially scary if VE cognizant EMKA .
ENKANO toughie the frog died . he was in a zoo . he was twelve years TETP at least . they say he was older since he was caught as an adult . i DE what gave him such a DEEN life . they do n't TV DEEN around here where i TV . i can not DE a frog living ENETKA DEEN . ENETKA 's as DEEN as a dog almost . i DE they earned a KA KATV from him .
i saw IN heartbreaking KA and i could not DEEN it . ET would defenseless and innocent people be killed over DEETVV ENETKA they did not do or EM no involvement with ? i EN never understand ET IN things in this world are the way ENETKA they are . there needs to be change but sadly i do not DEIN EN EN ETKA it soon .
it 's really unfortunate ENETKA north korea does n't seem able to ENETKA their citizens during a natural disaster . hopefully IN other country is willing to KA up and DIENNO assistance , although i do n't KAVE ET ENETKA works since they do n't really let people in . it must be pretty devastating if they are resorting to asking for outside ENETKA .
" i EM heard about the huge fires burning in the indonesia area and the haze clouds they are producing but i did n't ET it was so bad . apparently there is a statistical TE ENETKA says 100,000 people have been killed by this . the researchers tried to count " " early deaths " " and got ENETKA figure . i DENO the root problem is corruption . IN of the KANO owners in indonesia and malaysia are extremely rich and can act with impunity , even though their actions KA KA KA to the environment and to humans near and TP . maybe they NO be charged with crimes for the deaths . on the other hand i dislike the idea of people being convicted of crimes via statistical analysis . it is ENKATP easy to ENNO . "
i DEIN almost everyone has an opinion on hilary clinton over donald KA . many did n't DE donald to KA the election but here EN are . so many political scandals unfolded and more TU to IN . many did n't agree with hilary from the benghazi investigation and many did n't agree with KA , but in the DIKATU ENETKA 's just politics .
it 's not pleasant to DEIN of these animals being mistreated , but for all the problems in the world DEETVV like this seems rather minor . of course it would be KA to INNO good keeping of animals , but there are more pressing tragedies happening ENTP more often to human beings ENETKA EN NO ENTO on before addressing these issues of occasional animal mus - handling .
the ET ET they 're killing people over there is because the allied forces are occupying their country . if only EN would keep our nose out of others ' KANO , then maybe , just maybe the world would KATU a ET KATO . but as with all empires ( and america is no KA ) , they eventually fall because of internal forces .
ENETKA would be a scary situation to TV in . it is EM ENETKA the people ETKA like the government cares more about the elephants and animals than the people . these people must ETTE ET to TV with the elephants , but it seems like it is a scary KANO to do . i would EM to try and TV in ENETKA situation with children . i also DEIN ENETKA anyone who is going to visit there NO be made IN of the dangers of the elephants so ENETKA they do n't get injured or killed like the 29 year TETP woman did in the article .
hey ! so i just ETTE this article about the internet in schools . i guess ENETKA several years ago , the government came up with this program to get internet and technology in to schools and make it possible for as many or all students to have access to computers and the internet . however , according to this article , this program is not working the way ENETKA it was set up to DEKATO and students are not actually benefiting from this program ENETKA costs a lot of EN ! i was DIENKA to ETTE this , as i ETKA ENETKA the internet can be such a valuable tool in education , but then i really was n't DE at all to ETTE ENETKA the government is n't EN what it has been set up to do or what it is promising TP citizens it EN do . does n't the government just infuriate EMET and make EMET DEIN EMET could do ET ?
i 'm EMKA germany is trying to ENETKA a lot of refugees when other countries ( ahem the TP ) are trying to get out of helping people . however if they 're going to have ENETKA NOWT they need to be prepared to KATV with the VV of individuals who EN try to come . it feels like so many of the problems these refugees are DI from have been created at IN point due to TP / european colonization and intervention , so i 'm EMKA they 're at least trying .
cricket players in england are likely going to have DI sleeping after a 4ht day of the first test . being in their shoes , playing KA and working together is the key to beating bangladesh and they need to KA on top of their IR in order to KA . while it 's physically demanding , EN up or blaming lack of TP is simply not an option for the team .
i just ETTE a horrible article online about 10 people getting hurt after a huge NO started in an apartment complex in arizona . ENETKA is so horrible i really ETKA bad for them . the say ENETKA eight of the people EM minor injuries so ENETKA is good ENETKA it was only minor . unfortunately KATV person EM to be taken to the hospital but they are in stable condition so ENETKA is good KA . apparently two people outside of the apartment were also hurt by the NO IN ET . i DEIN they were able to get the NO under control pretty easily though KA it only lasted around 10 minutes . they EM to have the gas company come and KAVE off the gas and apparently they are investigating what could have caused the NO in the first KATO . ENETKA reminds me of the NO ENETKA happened at TU neighbors house .
i just ETTE an article about a father who killed KANOWT daughter 's adoptive grandfather because he EM molested her and got off with a light NO . its crazy . i mean , i can ETKA ET he would EM , if EMET can call it ENETKA , but .. i font KAVE . TU feelings are all over the KATO . if IR hurt TU kids i could ETKA imagining killing thyme , but i DE i could acct on it . and there are all these people cheering KANOWT actions . like he has this weird fan club for EN it . KANOWT life is ruined , KANOWT daughter is a mess dealing with the NO of it all , IR is TP . and it said on the way to kill the TETP man , he shot at an TETP boyfriend of hers he suspected was abusive . i d , maybe the heat of the moment since he already decided he was going to jail for TETP . just such an emotional ETTE
this is absolutely awful . i ca n't even DE the amount of pain the victim EM . the only suspected motive was after communal rejected the sexual advances of KATV of the men inside the apartment ? really ? ENETKA 's not a good ET at all to kill IR . ET KA he . what a tragic story this is , and it makes me heart churn just trying to DEIN of the robbed life ENETKA was taken .
i DEIN parents complaining about their preteen children are overreacting . just KATV with it and KA EN be okay . EMET ca n't KATO them in a toy box anymore or sit them in front of the tv and tell them to sit and EN it until it 's KAWT . i 'm not EM about this because i have no kids of TU KATV and i could care less .
TPWS businesses NO really be held accountable for where the bailouts they DEEN really go . yet the government do n't really DIEN any rules . just here is EN and trust them to use it as it was intended for them . EN really NO stop corporate lobbying in congress . DEIN at these people using the bailout EN just for luxury . i EM outraged !
i just ETTE a troubling little snippet about a family who DE their home in washington d.c. they have n't yet identified the KA of the blaze , but a family of five ha not only been displaced , but they also DE two cats which i 'm INVV were very dear to them . i 'm EMKA to hear ENETKA the EM KAVV has stepped in to EN ETKA to this needy family .
the IN asked for ENETKA to the people for identify the lady . i DEIN , she was escaped from the IN NO and placed in the philadelphia WT way . the IN explores the identification marks of the lady . the IN asked for ENETKA to the people for identify the lady . i DEIN , she was escaped from the IN NO and placed in the philadelphia WT way . the IN explores the identification marks of the lady .
the upsurge in violent deaths is a troubling and terrifying NO to EMKAWT , based on the fbi 's statistics . it 's not a good measure of a NOVE 's health to ETKA such dangerous statistics . EN need to be EN KA EN can to ENETKA mitigate this crisis . as for the collision of buses inside the lincoln terminal ? ENETKA was another terrible tragedy which would 've been avoided EM the proper course of action been taken .
ya KAVE a lot of people EM the jews . yet EN both KAVE lots of jews and i like most of them . to me it does n't really matter as i never even thought about IR being a jew until i got older . people are people . jews are smart . jews have always been smart at least for generations . smart people make EN and are good at KANO . just the way it goes . jew , jew jew , i 'm sick of all of the jew EM . otoh people have a legitimate concern to DEKA ENETKA KA being elected EN KA problems like ww2 did . after all jews tend to be republican and likely donated a ton of EN to KA and they are more powerful today than they ever were . still whatever , it does n't affect TP .
" i can EN with what these parents must be feeling . not because i have raised a per - teen , but because i can vividly IN ENETKA DIDT in TU life . middle ENVE is KA , ugly , and scary . i IN being bullied by girls ENETKA i idolized . i was fortunate to have a mother who was very caring and easy to talk to . she sympathized with me without TOTV me ETKA like a KA NO who needed TU parents to KA TU battles for me . she would say " " ENETKA 's awful , honey . now , what are EMET going to do about it ? " " "
hey hun ! i was just reading this article about a family of 3 young black boys who went through foster care and ended up in prison later on in life , and it made me want to share it with EMET . it breaks TU heart knowing this probably EN all the DIDT in our country ! ENETKA there are kids who , through no KANO of their KATV , are set on a path ENETKA ultimately leads to their downfall and NOWT later in life ! there need to be changes made to the foster system so ENETKA there are more homes available and counseling for these kids so ENETKA they can ETTE at an early NO to KATV with the things they are going through ET of internalizing it all and becoming EM and bitter . what do EMET DEIN ? maybe EN could write IN VE to get people KA about this situation !
it 's EM these days ET often IN are being attacked for just being IN . mental health is such a problem , EN need to find ET ways to ENETKA people so they do n't get to the point of harming others . whenever i hear about an officer being hurt i DEIN of VE husband . EN are very lucky men like him are choosing to spend their lives to protect TP . i DE EN can get ENETKA to more people so i can stop worrying if there is IR out there waiting for him .
did EMET hear about the airstrikes in yemeni ? i ca n't DEEN it . i would have been petrified ! forty three people were killed , but could be up to sixty .. the bodies were just laying everywhere.and they were covering them with blankets . this is just KATV count of those ENETKA died . since the battle has been going on they say over 10,000 people have died from this conflict , many just innocent civilians . i ca n't DE being in ENETKA situation .
hey , josh here is another AV of total insanity in a nation ENETKA has taken millions of jobs from people around the world but refuses to give any serious DEKATO to the health and welfare of its citizens . these people are pawns and the EM KANO is no KATV there has the EN to INKANO any of the sanitation problems or TV quality issues . what is so KA about it ? maybe they NO start eating IN of their relatives , EMET KAVE , cattle .
ET horrible ! i do n't care what INNO anyone has committed , beating a person and then setting them on NO is detestable ! i DE and ENTP ENETKA the authorities EN be able to find out where this video originated from and bring the perpetrators to justice ! it makes me sick ENETKA a human being could do ENETKA to another human !
" now this is a major issue : " " ET do obese patients get ET care ? many doctors do n’t ETKA TV the fat — EMET must TV weight , a doctor told sarah bramble , advising a 1,200 - calorie - a - day diet . but ms. bramble EM a basic question : ET ENTP do i weigh ? the doctor ’s scale went up to 350 pounds , and she was heavier than ENETKA . if she did not KAVE the VV , ET would she KAVE if the diet was working ? " " a populace ENETKA is so uneducated on health and nutrition ENETKA they do n't KAVE ENETKA it 's mathematically impossible not to TV weight at over 350 pounds on a 1200 calorie a day diet . what 's ET is a doctor who is so incompetent ENETKA he ca n't tell her ENETKA . if VE clothes get bigger EMET are losing weight . "
ca n't DEEN the jury failed to INNO the people TP in the national wildlife refuge takeover in oregon . the people were n't even from oregon . they traveled half way across the country , invaded the facility , and barricaded themselves inside . yet the jury did n't find reasonable KA to DEEN they impeded wildlife service workers from EN their jobs . bunch of alt - KANOTV would - be cowboys .
i INNO this article and DI to share it with EMET . very disturbing and odd results from the 2016 presidential campaign demographics results . very DE to ETKA so many latinos voting for a dude who is so blandly racist . i DEIN all the black people who voted for KA are going to ETKA ENETKA they were uninvited to the family barbecue next year as ENKANO x
what a disaster ... i ca n't DEEN their course of action is to do nothing ENKATP . i ca n't even DE ET this is going to affect the local wildlife . they NO be funding environmental groups to ENETKA the local animals in any way possible . this is going to have TP reaching consequences ENKATP , as the poisoned fish and birds EN affect other species and they 'll DIKATU up effecting TP as ENKANO . i wish there was IN way to avoid these terrible accidents .
after reading this article on IN of the federal prisons , i EM extremely DIENKA about the treatment of VE in these facilities . the way ENETKA the guards are treating the VE are literally inhumane . i understand ENETKA the VE are convicts and felons and really deserve to be KATO in prison as their NOWT , but there needs to be accountability for the actions of the guards mistreating them and basically treating them like animals . prisons are about rehabilitation or at least they NO be , but in this article with the countless reports from VE about very distressing and disturbing situations i ca n't ET to understand what goes on in the minds of these guards DI the prisons . EN KANO need to do DEETVV about these EN .
according to dr. jack dresser , a leading specialist and critic of conversion therapy practices , there is not just KATV set of practices understood to be used in conversion therapy . “ people have tried all kinds of things because none them really DEKATO , ” he told the huffing ton INNO . dresser also said ENETKA the TV of research surrounding conversion therapy has taken KATO on adults who’be undergone the process , and there is very little research surrounding lente youth who have been through conversation therapy practices . “ but of course EMET have anecdotal DTTP , ” he said . “ IN children have reported DI away from home , there have been cases in the KA of young people of when their family INNO out about them or they came out and the family insisted they go to conversion therapy
the situation in delhi is very ENTP a product of a 3rd world country trying to modernize . the use of fossil fuels and lack of sanitation has led to this country TV intense smog problems . this has reached the point where it is harmful to children everyday even in ENVE . ida when this issue EN be resolved but camoens has to DIKATUTV .
" so IN the flint mi water problem from years back ? the KATV where the idiots decided to use their KATV water ENKA from a dam which leaked led . ENKANO apparently now the government is flipping out ENETKA its a nationwide problem . or NO i say the " " scientists " " are flipping out since EN have never heard of lead in the water anywhere outside of the flint mi disaster "
wow , i just ETTE an article describing the problems venezuela is TV with its ETTE leader . about 80 % of the people are dissatisfied with KANOWT leadership and want him out . but there is n't a smooth process put into KATO for ENETKA . even the vatican is trying to KA , but to no avail so TP . i ca n't ENETKA but DEIN of all the problems the TP has lately , but EN do have a constitution and a system for change . i EM not INVV ET venezuela EN INKANO things peacefully , and ET its citizens EN fare through all this . the article made comparisons with cuba , and TV leadership , but i did not NO a ETKATP solution .
i DEIN with all the social media and KA DTTP , recent incidents involving terror attacks , and those who are of a KA race commuting these acts , especially since the 9/11 INKA this EN always be an issue with people because EN are just alarmed , even though IN may have nothing to do with terrorism or any type of situation regarding ENETKA but they EN always be perceived ENETKA way because of what happened in the TV . it 's probably not KANOTV of those who are discriminating and the airlines really need to do DEETVV about all the complaints .
what an awful tragedy no family NO be subjected to this . this is really getting out of hand i ca nt DEEN the middle east still has so ENTP turmoil . its really WS . i DE our boys can ENETKA ENKA the situation and keep things safer than they are now . its just insane ET ENTP a person must be delusional to go through with these actions
while reading this article all i could DEIN of is ET ENTP of a shame and alarming it is of the recent shootings ENETKA have been taking KATO all over the usa . i KAVE EN have talked about guns and ownership in the TV , but i 'm starting to DEIN it is important to DEIN at what EN can do to stop these acts and ET EN can make a change ourselves . i also was DE ENETKA they did not try to take the story and flip it into being IN type of political DIDTKATV about ET the shooter was made about politics or a race KA .
i just do n't understand russia . i mean they seem to be a country ENETKA is civilized , KANOTV ? ET is it ENETKA they so openly support terrorism ? i just do n't understand ET they KATV with syria and are ok with all of the horrible things ENETKA are happening there . i DEIN if russia actually stood up for what is KANOTV , the world would be a ENTP ET KATO .
hey EMET hear about the coffee killer ? in indonesia IN chick who is also australian has been INNO NO of killing her friend by putting cyanide in her coffee . i did not get ENKATP many details about all of the INNOVE ENETKA they have against her but to me at least it does not seem like they have ENETKA ENTP INNOVE . i guess she ordered her friend a coffee before her friend got there and KANOTV after she took a sip of the coffee she keeled over and died . pretty crazy , KANOTV ? i DEIN she probably did it but their motive is weak and i do not DEIN ENETKA she would have been INNO NO if the trial was going on in the TP .
ENETKA is nice . isis is using chemical weapons against TP now ? what is the world coming to , and ET ENTP KA are EN going to put our military out there for this ? especially now ENETKA they are being exposed to chemicals ENETKA can burn the skin , and due IN bad damage . this does n't does n't seem KANOTV at all .
banking a banking company in spain EM their board members spend unauthorized private EN from the bank on hotels , entertainment food , and other luxuries . all this was spent from credit ETVV used by the bank itself . the spending was unauthorized and not reported to the tax authorities at all . banking was already in the TO already due to being bailed out by the government in 13 million dollars .
the native american have been through so ENTP already to try to keep just a KA ENKANO of the land ENETKA they called their KATV and slow but surely they KATUTV to TV a battle against the usa government . it seems as though it is just a very period of DIDT before the only KATO to find native americans with be in the lying VV of our ENVE TE .
this is EM ENETKA a company ENETKA is based here in the TP and ENETKA actually manufacturers its products in the TP is in NO . more effort NO have been placed to INNO company 's success . more companies NO be encouraged to manufacture their products in our country while also TOTV them affordable and appealing .
TE man , he EM lot of success to get and more working plans in KANOWT life and could n't achieve them because of KANOWT sudden death , at least KANOWT TP was natural , i guess , because ENETKA is n't specified in the article . TU deepest condolences to KANOWT friends and family members , he EN be missed in the comedians community .
it 's good ENETKA they did n't have to hurt the emu . every DIDT i hear about KATV of these animal escapes i get the feeling ENETKA IR is going to DIKATU up killing the animal ; i DE either an officer with NO authority or IN stupid maniac with a gun who wants to kill DEETVV exotic is going to DIKATU up shooting it . i thought i saw a wild bird like EN across the road KATV morning when i was driving to DEKATO . it was n't TPWS EMKA to be an emu but it was similar . i was EM ENETKA IR was going to kill it , whatever it was .
i can not KATV donald KA and KANOWT DEKA mongering . most muslim people i KAVE are very , very kind people . it is so unfortunate there are so many EM crimes because of the TP our president continues to blast on twitter . it 's not just muslims . it 's everyone ENETKA is not ENKANO of the alt - white movement . jewish people , lente people . black people . it is fueled by EM and TP . KA muslim NO did more KA than good ! he just caused DEKA , creating a deeper DE in our country . it 's EM .
looks like india and pakistani KA are going KATV to hell . it is unclear if it was really sanctioned by their government , but pakistan shelled across the border and killed 13 indian civilians . pakistan is saying india shelled them back and killed 6 of theirs . they are TV IN INVV of dispute over their border and neither KA really wishes to back down . india claims they were destroying a terrorist encampment on the pakistan KA of the border , and pakistan claims they bombed KATV of their military bases . the whole KANO is a TPWS mess and ca n't ENETKA the stability of the region .
did EMET ETTE this story about the mountain climber who died trying to climb a mountain in vietnam ? it was very EM . the girlfriend begged him to get ENETKA but he refused until it was ENKATP late . i ETKA so bad for KANOWT family and girlfriend he left KA . i do take ENKA in knowing ENETKA 's what he DI to do and he died following what he wants .
i ca n't say ENETKA i specifically care about the election , and would rather have IR besides the two main parties KA for once . i also personally font like KA , as i find him to be a rather bombastic idiot , and wish hillary would have won , though i did n't particularly want either of them . i DE he takes the TO of the election into becoming a ET leader .
" DEIN at this article . notice anything missing ? yeah , any sources or any kind of KA for these claims or any sources for the supposed " " real estate developers " " EN false data . so , EN ET ENKANO TU feelings beat up this straw man i 've set up ! EMET 'd DEIN they 'd have TP ET DEEN chicken little has been going on about this and yet still no fallen sky . "
hello , i ETKA very bad about y 's death , she was so young and already a very accomplished person . i do DEEN she was very IN ENETKA her flying career EM inherent KA ENETKA could ultimately KA her death . it angers and saddens me ENETKA people would KA her role a female fighter pilot by TOTV rude remarks stating there are other more accomplished women fliers .
i DEIN in this day and NO , there is no ET to be poaching tigers , or any other rare IR for ENETKA matter . i 've discussed this with TU friends before , the poachers are generally WP NOWT people , trying to feed themselves , and they 're selling to the highest bidder they can find . even if EMET jail the poachers , more EN pop up out of desperation . KATV day , EN 'll DEIN back and ETKA all of the greed killing rare animals purposefully , rather than the crappy way EN ENNO them out of their territories naturally as humans .
wow . ENETKA is really EM ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i DE ET KANOWT friend would kill him . must not have been friends after all , huh ? ? ? ? ? ? i DE ET DEEN the body EM been there before he was INNO . EN was probably the motive since it usually is . he probably got over on him somehow and dude got KANOWT KANO . oh ENKANO .......
hello alexander , oh ET i need to tell EMET this story i ETTE , its crazy EMET KAVE . anyway so i ETTE this story about myanmar ; they are TV a huge investigation about NO slavery , its very EM EN TV in a world ENETKA is filled with monsters like this . the goods KA about this is ENETKA the IN arrested two family members . i ETKA good about ENETKA coming out . i DE they find more and put them into justice .
this is all about politics it talks about the like of janet reno , first female TP attorney general who dies at 78 — ante reno , former TP attorney general under president EN clinton , died monday morning following a DEEN battle with parkinson 's disease , her sister saggy churchill said . she was 78 . reno , the nation 's first - ever female attorney general , served in the clinton white house from 1993 to 2001
" i 'm saddened to hear the KA about KANOWT passing . in TU experience i DEEN ENETKA comedians get into the ET due to an aspect of the DEEN to ENETKA people and give them a few laughs . do n't DEIN i INTV KANOWT comedy acts but reading through the tributes i get the sense ENETKA people liked him alright and ENETKA he was a good guy . KANOWT tag line is KA - " " ENETKA 's not KANOTV . " " as if he internalized a solid sense of KANOTV and KANO . so i did n't KAVE KANOWT DEKATO but i DEIN i like him . "
i really do n't KAVE anything about keisha . the only KANO i KAVE is her music . i do n't KAVE ET the music KANO works . i do n't KAVE if this is INKA . it seems like if she really DI to she could have taken more control . it was her choice whether or not she ate or not . she let them take control . there is always a choice .
i really do n't care about the article i just ETTE . it did n't make me ETKA any INVV of emotions , but i 'm forced to fill in this box . is boredom an emotion ? i felt ENETKA while reading ENETKA massive TV of TE . TP like the economy and businesses is n't anything worth feeling emotion over . it 's also not even really worth worrying about when it 's not DEETVV EMET can actually do anything about yourself .
this article was very interesting because it talks on ET climate change can have influenced the extinction of the melons in there habitat . it talks a lot about it and basically lets TP KAVE ENETKA climate change wast the KA of extinction and ENETKA TP , humans could have prevented this from happening but just decided not to .
hey did EMET check out the latest dram between scottie pippin and KANOWT wife lars ? maybe it is TU but i care about these KANO because i EM from chicago . i have been EN the name scottie pippin on a regular basis for the last 25 years and it kind of makes EMET ETKA KA in ENETKA person 's life . i KAVE phi this was about michael jordan i would ETKA the same way .
it 's weird ET i do n't really ETKA EM for these people . timeshares just seem like a terrible idea and i 've always associated it with conspicuous consumption . really ... just rent a hotel room when EMET can go . buying into a house with other people sounds like a total hassle and a problem waiting to ENNO . but i ca n't KATV ET grimy the companies are and ET they jerk people around . it just shows ENETKA the whole timeshare concept is about digging into people 's pockets . and the only way to get them to stop EN ENETKA is to put them out of KANO if they do n't want to play fair .
it is unreal ENETKA so many issues can come out of a natural disaster like this . EMET would DEIN ENETKA EN could TETV together more and ENETKA people ! i can not DE what would ENNO to TP if a natural sister happened here , EN would never recover . this is sew scary . i EM thankful for all of the people volunteering DIDT to ENETKA !
wow . here EN go ETKATV , i guess ? ? ? ? a TO of years ago ENETKA area in tennessee was completely devastated by uncontrollable wildfires . many people DE their lives and their homes . many businesses were also destroyed . i DE this NO was n't like ENETKA KATV . a INWT of kids who were playing with matches in the woods set it on NO . they fled the area and told no KATV
no matter what VE heritage , EMET NO be able to serve VE country . her thai heritage NO n't KA her and NO n't have been an issue in this DIDTKATV . tammy duck worth and her family NO be congratulated on the ENKA they have provided to this country . any type of racism NO not be allowed in a DIDTKATV
i 'm EMKA ENETKA she let her customers KAVE KANOTV away , ENETKA was very responsible of her . there 's so many scammers out there and people who try to rip people off EMET can never be ENKATP careful . i 'm always real careful when i order anything on the internet checking reviews and KA because i 've been ripped off before . i ordered a handbag and it was n't anything like it was perceived to be online .
when he was born , TU son tested for elevated lead levels in KANOWT blood , and EN do n't TV near chicago . EN were more than a bit scared , and tried to ENETKA him ETTE not to KA things in KANOWT KA . lead damage is not reversible , and EN lived in an TETP house . to DEIN ENETKA every day people are drinking water with as ENTP lead as indicated is a bit disturbing - and it 's not going to be cheap to INKANO .
i just ETTE ENETKA poaching of rhinos for ivory has gotten so bad in south africa ENETKA they 've begun expanding and now have anti - poacher armies . i say good for them . the animals ca n't KA back , but hopefully the army can ENKA poachers . i KAVE the poachers do it because they can make a lot of EN , but i just do n't understand it . TPWS IR hunters / trophy hunters and poachers are KATV in the same to me . i DEIN they are both WS reasons to KA or kill any animal . the anti - poaching armies have a scary , but , i DEIN , extremely necessary job .
france dismantles ' the jungle ' in calais — a KA camp in calais , france , housing nearly 8,000 migrants hoping to KAVV into england , is being evacuated and torn down in what french authorities are calling a “ humanitarian ” operation . the migrants , fleeing their homes in africa and the middle east , are being relocated from the camp known as “ the jungle ” to centers across france . IN have decided they do not want to leave , and protests have resulted in fires burning through tents , trailers , shacks , and makeshift shops in the camp . the dismantlement operation is expected to last for a week .
" i ETTE an article about ET a man killed himself after killing KANOWT wife . it sounded like the man really EM IN problems . i font understand ET EMET could kill IR ENETKA EMET say EMET EMEN . the article said he " " hacked KANOWT wife to death " " . ENETKA INVV sounds rather violent . the woman was rushed to the hospital all bloody and the man was in a coma . the hospital confirmed ENETKA the woman EM passed . "
i DEIN they NO find out precisely what she did to ENETKA NO for 3 years and do the same KANO to her for 3 years . since she is stronger , she EN survive , then they can bring her back to KATV health , then do it ETKATV for the next 3 years , then keep TP it until she dies . i ca n't ET ET people like this do these things , but there is a special KATO in hell . i do n't buy the mental illness garbage . of course she has a mental illness , but ENETKA NO n't automatically imply KA from justice . the very nature of TETP , especially of this kind , requires a mental illness to a KA NO , so no pleading insanity . torture her as she tortured ENETKA TE boy .
this is really scary . i do n't DEIN i would want to have TU life in the KA of IR else like on this whaling boat . IR 's stupid mistakes can really be bad KA for everyone trusting ENETKA person . i 'm not INVV if i 'd be KA in going out on a boat , whaling , or even a cruise ship after reading this article . just KATV KANO ENNO from another person can VV VE fate . it must have been so terrifying for these people . i definitely DEEN all the trauma they say they have endured and i would definitely rule for them in the suits they brought against the plaintiff .
i EM no idea ENETKA the KA lakes area EM problems with earthquakes . i 'm EMKA ENETKA it was n't a bigger on but it is still EM ET ENTP damage was KAWT . i ETKA ET for those families ENETKA DE loved ones . EMET would DEIN in this modern NO EN would be able to IN earthquakes sooner and have EMKA DIDT to evacuate an area .
of course they do n't ETKA ENKANO as they NO ! they 're so ENTP like TP , even in the KA details of ET they TPTV their arms to be able to TE their DEKATO . just like TU dad when he ca n't find KANOWT glasses and tries to ETTE KANOWT magazine . i ca n't even ET ET IN people wo n't ETKA ET similar animals are to humans - ET actually humans are animals . it blows TU mind every day .
cohen moved to ETTE york in 1966 at NO 31 to break into the music KANO . before DEEN , critics were comparing him with bob dylan for the lyrical force of KANOWT songwriting . although he influenced many musicians and won many honors , including induction into the rock & roll hall of fame and the order of canada , cohen rarely made the pop music charts with KANOWT sometimes moody folk - rock . KANOWT most ardent admirers compared KANOWT works to spiritual prophecy . he sang about religion , with references to jesus christ and jewish traditions , as ENKANO as EMEN and sex , political upheaval , NO and what he once called the IN for “ a kind of DE in the chaos of existence .
she DE TU EMEN really quick . seems like she likes attention . this does make me DEIN at paris TO . these all seem like inside jobs . i would be safe there . but , i still do n't DEETTV on visiting . not a fan of people endorsing candidates in countries ENETKA they can not WT . seems like an ego KANO .
the thought of such EN in the slaughtering of chickens is very disturbing . i EM by no means a vegetarian , and enjoy eating chicken a KA KATV . however , the thought of torturing a chicken for slaughter turns TU stomach . there needs to be an ethical solution to the slaughtering of all animals , not just chicken . and i DEEN a universal approach ENETKA is easily controlled and monitored would be ideal , but most likely not cost efficient .
i EM a firm believer of innocent till proven NO . but come on . there are multiple accounts with several KA woe . ENETKA are coming forward towards this guy . this man needs taking off of the streets and put in jail . the things he did to multiple women is disgusting . i ETKA bad for these women who did not come forward in the beginning . whether they were scared for their lives or just ashamed . it seems like lace could get a girl but just took things to TP and to the next level . it shame ENETKA a successful young man does DEETVV like this and ruins KANOWT entire life . over sex .
i EM DIENKA and disturbed about the result of the investigation on the article . it also saddens me to KAVE ENETKA the families TP in the missing of those students are still hoping to ETKA their family member even after years of waiting . this article reminds me ENETKA no matter ET DEEN the IN , the family EN always ENKA for them to hug those missing students .
IN scum VE is at it ETKATV stealing naked pictures of people simply because they are celebrities and he can make EN from EN it . it blows TU mind the level of shit people EN do in order to make a KA . it seems like people KATV celebrities as if they are not people at all . people ENETKA leave EN comments on celebrity VV are taking it to a ETTE level . people say the shittiest things to each other when they 're hiding KA their computer screen . this particular guy took it to the extreme by stealing their private photos .
‘ silicon valley ’ stars recount being harassed by donald KA supporters — “ silicon valley ” stars airmail nanjing and thomas middle ditch both took to twitter saturday morning to recount their experience being harassed by two donald KA supporters in a los angeles KA . “ was at a KA last night with @middle ditch . at the DIKATU of the night , 2 white dudes , 20 ’s , who ’d been there for hours came up to TP , ” nanjing began , adding ENETKA they said they were fans , but thought they were “ KANO about KA . ” “ i go ‘ hey EN do n’t wanna discuss politics KANOTV now . ’ KANOWT friends goes ‘ oh they ’re clucks . ’
" i just ca n't DE ENETKA this TE 4 year TETP was blinded the way she was . but then i DE if it is truly an act of justice to carry out the same NOWT on the perpetrator . it seems so human to want KANO , but it also ETKA so useless . in a way it seems to make " " TP " " as " " bad " " as him . it just makes me EM . "
i agree ENETKA this election is stressful . there seems to be a lot of tension between parties . people are EM about what could ENNO if KA wins . i DEIN all of the racists EN come out of the woodwork . people wo n’t be comfortable . as a minority , i DEIN things EN ETKA KA . people earn’t scared to INNO when KA a TV on social media .
it always upsets me when i ETTE articles about land conflicts involving native american tribes , especially when it involves oil pipelines . i fully support expanding domestic oil operations so as to ET establish energy independence , but care NO be taken to KAWT the needs of others when developing pipelines . it may be expensive to INNO environmental care is taken and , when necessary , to reroute the pipelines to avoid encroaching on sacred lands , but ENETKA does n't mean it 's not worth the DT .
i just ETTE this article indirectly about climate change ENETKA i KAVE EMET 'll find interesting . it talks about the extinction of three KA species . it 's a EM situation , but if EMET ETTE it , it was almost entirely the KANO of man , and climate change only played a KA ENKANO . the worst ENKANO is ENETKA it could have been prevented if IN EM sounded the EN in DIDT .
TU heart hurts for those affected . i EN be praying for the soldiers attacked and their families . as EN approach memorial day , EN need to reflect on what EN have learned in TV wars and KATV KANO is ETKATP , mustard gas is not a weapon ENETKA NO be used , i understand ENETKA many of the attacks going on KANOTV now KATO guerrilla warfare but EN can not KA back in the same ways .
i EM ENIINO to EMET in response to an article i just ETTE about nevada and the water ENKA . it is of a truth , as the article points out ENETKA the KA media primarily only follows what EN in california , and not nevada . which is the driest ETTO , and in need of attention and assistance . i 'm impressed with verna brady , 86 - year - TETP resident there . who cites she would rather ENNO forward , than KA , ENETKA she , although an elder with many childhood memories , would rather TE to what 's required for today , than harbor on what use to be . ENETKA 's a large TO , because when it comes to tribes in america , a lot do not to be displaced , or relocation , creating emotional and psychological problems are the results . however the present ETTO is also causing more KANOWP WT in the family .
its crazy ENETKA really intense and EM situations are happening around the world but here in usa were EM more about who made it passed the first KA of the EMET or what TO the latest viral videos . the fact the extremists are using innocent civilians as human shields is so cowardly and shows they have no ENNOWT what so ever .
i was reading about this article and got caught up in it because of the main DITV when it EM started , it began talking about all of these massive shootings ENETKA have been going on around the country . i felt like ENETKA was the main idea and discussing the murders in the KA states i ETKA like they could have posted the differences between the states and other countries around the world as ENKANO . its free ENIINO but i DEIN it makes americans DEIN bad .
while i DEIN many of TP are troubled with the recent KA with russia and NO of rigging our TP election , in cahoots with pouts KA and hacking , EN need to INVV through the details and make INVV EN are using facts when they are available . suspicions are sometimes unfounded , TU heart goes out to the agent 's family .
gosh , who would do DEETVV as horrible as kill an innocent animal ( and a baby at ENETKA ) ? however , i EM EMKA ENETKA the salt river wild TP management INWT and the american wild TP preservation campaign set up a reward to catch whoever did ENETKA . i was also happy to ETKA ENETKA it was an immediate response , not a delayed KATV . it 's EM ENETKA people wo n't come forward on their KATV to bring justice and ENETKA there has to be a monetary incentive .
the problem of poaching has KATU such an epidemic guides in south africa who use to take hunters on TPWS IR safari 's are now becoming a KA kind of hunter themselves . they 've taken up arms in the KA on poaching due to the fact it is an outrageous epidemic at this point . animals like the rhino are on the brink of extinction and poachers do n't care .
i guess the indigenous people get screwed ETKATV . technology and ETTV is always messing with them . i 'm kinda EM about the fishing i do . i fish a good bit and eat what i catch . i DE there is n't any methyl mercury in the fish i eat . if there is , i DE if it has messed me up IN . ENETKA could be where IN of TU health problems come from . maybe it 's DIDT to stop eating the fish i catch .
just ETTE an article about the situation in haiti a month after the hurricane . TO is being distributed ET than after the last hurricane since the capital city was less affected and learning from the TV situation were used to make IN improvements . but getting food and water purification tablets distributed , and fairly , is a TPWS problem . people are crazed with hunger and KATU violent , or give in to despair . cholera is revving up . these are the immediate problems , but shelter , DEEN - NOVV rebuilding , voting in the upcoming election , and other issues EN ENKATP . somehow EN have to figure out ET TO efforts for natural disasters .
aw , DEIN , i did n't KAVE pete burns died . i 'm EMKA he was happy with all KANOWT surgeries and KANOWT life , even if i was n't . he was so hot before he did all ENETKA , man . gorgeous EMET . ET are all the pretty ones so often the KANO kind of crazy ? now i have to go ENVE to ENETKA song , or it 's going to be DITU in TU ENETKA all day .
hey i just DI to let EMET KAVE ENETKA this is a rough article . the guy took him out and then took KANOWT KATV life . its pretty EM . the guy knew the employees VV ENKATP so he just could have KAWT it whenever . ET would he do it and take KANOWT KATV life though i font understand . anyways DI to let EMET KAVE i did ETTE it and its tragic . i ETKA bad for the family ENETKA it happened to them . hopefully this does n't ENNO ENTP more
ENKANO ENETKA sucks for this people in the south . it seems like there 's always DEETVV ENETKA 's messing with the gas prices . hopefully they 'll get it repaired soon though and things EN go back to normal . at least there was n't EMEN environmental damage , ENETKA 's a good KANO . if i were down there , i would probably just ride a bike for a few weeks .
i EM EM and saddened by this . what a EM and terrible tragedy . i ETKA so EM for all the victims and those affected by this event . i ca n't even DE ET devastating this must be for them . what an incredible catastrophe . TU DEEN and prayers and KA wishes go out for all the many people affected by this tragic catastrophe . i DE ENETKA everyone stays safe for the foreseeable future . i EM still in ENWP .
hats really heartbreaking to ETTE the story about the man who DE KANOWT family in a car KA . i DEIN people who street race are acting very dangerously for now ET and it is usually very stupid young males who do this . i font KAVE what sense to make out of this since the woman and her children did not seem to do anything to deserve this . maybe it takes DTTP like this to make TP ET ET p[precious life is and ET careful EN must be
did EMET hear about this shooting ? it appears to be random and utterly senseless . an elderly man was killed and the DENO is now barricaded in KANOWT house . there was a lot of misinformation early on about it being related to the election and ENETKA the DENO was a woman . it 's being reported now ENETKA both those claims are false . i really ETKA for ENETKA man and KANOWT family .
did EMET ETKA this EM story ? this holocaust survivor has died . she lived a fruitful life recreating a town and now she is TP . do EMET ever DEIN of ET EM life can be . this person survived the awful genocidal regime of hitler . ET do human beings seek to DIDTKATV so ENTP pain to KATV another . it is a EM and horrible way of being .
i do n't KAVE if EMET 've seen this article about the KA on cops , but i INNO it pretty unconvincing . it actually made me a bit EM , because it focuses on IN deaths form two years ago and does n't take into account current VV . also , by focusing on deaths KATO , it completely glosses over injuries to DT a picture ENETKA policing is safe in the current climate . it feels a lot like fake KA to me . all EMET have to do is pick up the ETTE to ETKA ET often cops are TP in fights with criminals and crazy people .
it aggravates me ENETKA in our modern NOVE leaders are condemned before they even have an opportunity to lead . it EN ENNO forevermore into the future no matter who wins elections from here on out . the issue is not opposition so ENTP as it is the ability to DEISTO against IR anymore . using the internet , it is quite easy to DEEN a INWT of thousands and perhaps even hundreds of thousands to INKANO against DEETVV vile or unwarranted . the problem is KA was n't even given a TU . now ENETKA things have played out , perhaps IN of those people were KANOTV about their hatred or grievances but its entirely unfair to subject any president of our country to this before they have even been given the TU to lead .
i really DEIN racism is getting out of hand lately . i do n't understand ET people have to NO EM crimes against people ENETKA they are n't similar to . everyone deserves to TV a happy life without being assaulted or EM ENETKA they 'll be assaulted . and chalking it up to religion is even ET . people do n't have to be so easily offended these days , but they are , and they 're EM filled while they 're offended ENKATP .
i agree with this article completely . i used to take the pill for awhile and it did change TU moods and make me ETKA weird and just off . so i switched to the dope shot and same KANO . it made me ETKA super depressed and also made me DIENKA a lot of weight . i have EM IN kind of bad KA KANO with every birth control i 've ever tried . i refuse to take any form of birth control now TO for condoms and i KATV TU cycle so i KAVE when i 'm fertile .
" i do n't KAVE who this celebrity is , but is n't this crazy ? of course it 'd ENNO in florida ! EN always hear these " " florida man " " DTTP , and here 's another KATV . what are people KA , anyway ? what was this guy hoping to do ? pretty weird world EN TV in nowadays . i 'd never want to TV down there with all the crazy TP ENETKA goes on ! "
according to a ETTE TE , the polar regions are TU to melt . in a decade , a lot of the ice melted . this situation is really affecting polar bears because they TV in ENETKA environment . i INNO out ENETKA they ambush seals as they come up out of the water . whether EN can change this trend or not , i EM not INVV about but EN NO try .
KA is a IRKA . climate change is real and it 's starting to KANO TP directly . i DE when he 'll ET EN have to do DEETVV . ET ENTP does it take ? maybe KANOWT golf EM has to catch NO just like the forests . this does n't only KANO TP but the whole world and the life on it . KA states needs to take action before it 's ENKATP late .
i have DEIN is very good article and nice.he has promised the to be the most vigilant interrogator of the obama administration from KANOWT perch on an oversight committee , which republican cheered . this NO i EM very like . numerous WT initiatives focused on progressive caused could also give republican few reasons to turn out . the ET must important for the areas .
i just ETTE an article about IN chowder - ENETKA who used a KA and a pick ax to destroy donald KA 's star on the hollywood walk of fame . wow , what a KA protest . EMET INVV showed him . good job . lola , can EMET DEEN this garbage ? who has such a hollow and pathetic life ENETKA they do n't have anything ET to do with their DIDT than NO petty vandalism because they dislike IN politician ? what a dingus .
ET can people take DEETVV like relationships for KA ? it 's infuriating ENETKA in a world where i have to KA for the KANOTV to NO the person i EMEN and adore and want to pamper and cherish and share a life with ENETKA there are assholes out there like this with anger issues who EN get in their alleged partner 's EMKAWT and EM . the EM is just mind blowing .
these numbers leave little room to DEIN ENETKA climate change is not happening . as EMET KAVE , i IN DEEN in the KA of environmental protections and DEIN climate change is a problem . however , articles like this only add to the problem . these numbers are shocking on the surface but could easily be explained by natural fluctuations year to year . i wish they would ENTO on balanced science ET .
i saw a story about yemen today . have EMET ETTE about it . it looks like ethnic cleansing over there . it is so awful EN about innocent people being killed just because of where they are from . it 's like nazi germany in IN parts of the world . it is very scary to me . nobody is really EN anything but TOTV proclamations . KA groups ca n't seem to do anything either . i wish these EM people would stop EN this .
water parks and amusement parks in general are just disasters waiting to ENNO . EN truly do n't KAVE ET dangerous IN of these things are until DEETVV goes KANO . then EN all ETKA what was so obvious yet impossible to ETKA until pointed out . i EM going to avoid these places like the plague . plus life is ENKATP TU to ENKA in lines .
so i ETKA birth is birth . what KA does it make it EMET gave it vaginal or c - section . so people can be so EM in this world . EMET were pregnant and carried ENETKA baby in VE belly for 8 to 9 months . IN ladies are faced with a life or death even choice . EN have to do what is KANOTV for our babies but mostly for ourselves . i KAVE EMET DEIN wow selfish ENTP , no this i ET . if EMET are not here EMET can not raise and happy healthy family . next if EMET are not VE KA or at 100 % EMET really can not give VE all .
there has been talks on ET this is an agenda ENETKA is being pushed KANOTV now , just like the massive shootings KANOTV now . people are just killing innocent people no matter what the color of there skin is although people are always going to find a way to make it a racial matter or discuss ET its biased or ET the person was a racist but the only KATV who knows ENETKA is the person who commuted the act .
hey , i KAVE EMET asked me about what happened to ENETKA mother and her baby in ETTE york and here 's the ENKANO article . it 's so EM ... ENETKA baby could have lived their life to the fullest and now it 's DITU TU . the mother EN have to EMNO over what happened to ... it 's so EM ENETKA things like this ENNO .
reading this article makes me ETKA EM for many ET . i myself have no idea ET those countries are always at KA and ET so many people are loosing their lives . it also makes me EM to DE myself in a situation where i EM constantly in DEKA of TU life . with so many being DE already it makes me EM to DEIN about these things continually happening .
hello , i EN tell EMET DEETVV , an article i ETTE recently , said ENETKA millions of nigerians survived biko hiram , but now a humanitarian catastrophe is putting their lives at risk ETKATV , wise about this information i DEIN it is more important information than it seems be , i would consider ENETKA it is a KA ENETKA NO ENNO even by television
" KA and putin talk about syria in pacific terms but then russian warships bomb aleppo , the bombing said to be for " " show . " " a show ENETKA is destroying the city and its people . this is really outrageous . at least EN are getting IN reporting about it , even though it 's just frustrating since EN ca n't really do anything , and KA is looking the other way . the syrian problems seem likely to drag down the world for years to come . "
IN of the drivers around this KATO need to be taken out of their cars and arrested . IN people were DITU on highway 80 near chunky . IN kids were TP . i DEIN three people died . they were riding on the back of a trailer celebrating halloween . a vehicle collided with the trailer probably a drunk . i DEIN they were just in a hurry like everyone else around here . i guess ENETKA driver is going to get it .
the general rule of thumb is ENETKA to be healthy individuals need to get a minimum of eight hours of TP a night . IN people get more , and IN people get along ENKANO with less , but everyone needs to get EMKA TP or else they can not function effectively in their everyday activities . in their DEKATO , VE ENKANOTO to a healthy TP , national institutes of health pointed out ENETKA TP is very important to human existence , so important ENETKA KATV - third of a person ’s life is spent EN it ( 1 ) . in TP , TP disorders , and biological rhythms , tamerlane said , “ TP is a required activity , not an option ” ( 19 ) . during TP the human body has an opportunity to recuperate from the activities of the day . the recuperation goes beyond they
i ETKA EM for this person 's family . KANOWT children now have no father . EMET just never KAVE what makes people NO terrible acts of EM . life can be taken in the blink of an KATO . EMET need to make INVV all VE loved ones KAVE ET ENTP EMET care , do as ENTP good in the world as EMET can , because EMET never KAVE when VE last day on this earth is going to be .
this article i just ETTE was so , unbelievably EM and tragic . this incident is so horrible . such a gruesome death . i ca n't DE being ENETKA two year TETP and falling for so DEEN . ugh , it makes me so DIENKA . i ETKA so bad for the parents , they must ETKA so NO . it would be so KA to KA KA .
if EMET are wearing contacts for VE vision to ETTV then EMET NO be INVV to take them out when sleeping . EMET can get IN bacteria in VE KATO ENETKA EN DE and might KA problems if EMET do not do this . i forgot what the KANO was called but it might even KA the ENKA user to KATU blinded .
what a freaking asshole ! guys are so creepy sometimes . and in our KATV home ETTO . i DE who he gave them to to NO them out to the public . anyway , please be careful with VE photos and information . i 've been seeing more and more accounts like this popping up , and i would EM to ETKA any of our sensitive data at risk . KA safe out there .
i do n't KAVE about bach . i kind of wish he EM n't EN ETKATV ; i 'm EMKA he 's not trying ETKATV this DIDT . after reading this story , it 's KA to ETKA sympathetic , even in TV . but the story confuses me , ENKATP . did n't bach used to DEKATO for fox KA after he KANO the senate ? the story does n't even TOTV ENETKA . and it talks about ET he was working for the banks but also embraced obama 's KAVV on banks , which seem like mutually exclusive things . he did n't do anything KA in the senate , but when he was governor , he saved ENETKA lady 's daughter 's college career . it 's all very confusing , but overall , i 'm EMKA he 's staying gone .
hey , this is IN EM KA . the rhino could n't be saved from KANOWT infectious diseases , so he EM to be put down . i ETKA bad for the animal as he or she did n't have to TV this way . in addition , it was difficult to find treatment for the rhino , so i ETKA bad for the veterinarians ENETKA EM to take care of the rhino .
i can not DEEN this ! ET can they do this to people ? they have less than a week to ENNO out after IN of them being there for over 10 years . i EM just saddened ENETKA political and ideological strife EN DIENKANO not only teacher from working , but for students to be able to have a quality education . what can EN do to ENETKA ? let me KAVE if EMET KAVE what EN can rally against .
i 'm not INVV what the gay community hoped to KA by holding a gay pride event in a country where homosexuality is illegal . it 's not like people there ignore such a NO , since IR was powerful EMKA to criminalize sexual DE in the first KATO . i DEIN i would rather KA under the radar until i could find a more tolerant KATO to TV .
i always DE whether to DEEN articles like this . i have always liked may weather , and i ETKA there are probably two KA to this story . besides , the NO is filed but there is no verdict yet , so may weather could be innocent . anyone can file a NO and the only AVINNO of who is KANOTV is when the suit is decided . i EN be KA to DIENKANO the outcome of this KATV .
hey , i was just reading an article about ENETKA house NO ENETKA happened in wv . can EMET DE the tragedy ? ENETKA is such a horrible way to die . and to DEIN ENETKA two of the victims were children plus their dog . it makes me IRWP just KA about it . such a huge loss for ENETKA family and the community . i DE officials find out soon what caused it and i ENTP for the friends and family of those who were killed . so EM !
are EMET IN ENETKA only KA refuges are helped and accepted ? i ca n't DE the heart break ENETKA they endure traveling so TP KA they are safe to be turned around and denied . the whole system is so flawed . there is no appropriate ENETKA for these people ! they have so many unfair hurdles to go through .
here is an article for EMET . it 's an TETP KATV , obviously . i EM so sick of republicans . they are a cowardly , spineless bunch who fall in line KA KA every DIDT . let 's DE they get a major KATU whooping in november . but this article demonstrates ET EN ca n't take anything for KA . i IN back then , when all the polls showing wins for hillary and the democrats . i have n't trusted the polls since then , and i KAVE EMET do n't trust them either . and who knows what the russians are going to do this DIDT around ? no KATV has tried to stop them , so ET would n't they try to interfere in our elections ETKATV ? EN have to keep an KATO out and do whatever EN can to make INVV there 's no funny KANO at the polls in november .
" russia claims bombed un ETKA convoy was ' escorted by terrorists a un ETKA convoy ENETKA was bombed on monday night was escorted by a " " terrorists " " , russia has claimed in response to accusations it was KA the deadly attacks . moscow has denied hitting the un convoy , which was bombed as it delivered food ETKA to opposition - held parts of aleppo on monday night , minutes after the military declared the DIKATU of a ceasefire . the strikes , carried out by either syrian or allied russian warplanes , TO syrian EM crescent trucks as staff members were unloading ETKA in rem al - kubra in aleppo province . more than a dozen were killed including omar barbara , the organization ’s director . pictures shared by activists showed burned bodies next to a unhurt badge . russia 's defense ministry re lea "
this makes me very DIENKA . they do n't want to take NO , blames it on DEETVV else . it 's KA VE KANO and EMET NO ETKA NO for killing all these people . they have every KANOTV to ENNO EMET for VE stupid KATE . EN TV in a world with idiots . next DIDT EMET take the car to DEKATO , IN ENETKA EMET ca n't count yourself to be safe if EMET are careful .
this article about the philippines mayor is very alarming . it is a shame ENETKA so many people resort to corruption and bad deeds . it is also unfortunate ENETKA it EM to DIKATU in casualties . people NO really INVVWT their behavior and ET it impacts others . i would not want to go traveling there if this is ET they ENWS !
it 's horrifying to ETKA a dog subjected to such a cruel fate . this brings attention to the numerous other cases of fatalism ENETKA would 've been prevented by careful inspection and care for KATV 's pets . dogs deserve ET from TP , and it 's our NO as human beings to provide care for animals as ENTP as possible .
i just ETTE an article about elephants and ET they are becoming extinct due to people being more concerned towards their need fr ivory than they are for the precious lives of elephants . i do n't understand ET people have such little regards for the ENKANO being of the elephant species , knowing ENETKA they are on the verge of extinction and it upsets me severely knowing ENETKA EN are taking them for KA .
france has been through a lot of crap lately . IN terrorists stormed a newspaper KANO and killed IN people ; their have been bombings at the airports and ENNO stations ; and a little girl was among 90 killed during a concert at KATV of their local venues . as EM as this all is , the most distressing KANO is ENETKA the country has decided to activate additional measures to INNO their democracy is maintained . this always seems to be the IN during a DIDT of KA terror and unrest- most of which are incited by officials working within the government itself .
arnold palmer was really a KA and ambitious guy , he really did a monumental change nohow today 's television sports DEKATO , and the fact ENETKA he died was pretty saddening to me . i DEIN ENETKA the legacy he left KA is amazing , and he EN KATUTV to EN TP even after KANOWT death . i would EMEN to ETKA arnold palmer 's company thrive tremendously over the next TO of decades , and KATUTV to transpire within the people he has influenced in KANOWT life .
dear friend , i have just finished reading a very interesting and somewhat disturbing article . it was about thomas arthur , an inmate on death row in alabama . there began a massive NO battle between the courts , justices , and lawyers about the legality and morality of lethal injection practices . i ETKA conflicted because on KATV hand , these people committed unthinkable crimes and deserve EMEN NOWT , but on the other hand , taking a life may still not be justifiable .
nicolas mauro is the current leader of venezuela and it has led to major issues and DE in the country . the country is pretty ENTP tyrannical at this point and the government is over - reaching into everyone 's lives . reading about the protests and issues going on makes me ETKA EM to be out of ENETKA country . i really DE the people can KA him and replace it with a ET government .
did EMET hear about the three people who died on halloween night ? it happened in mississippi on a highway . IR TO a trailer ENETKA was pulling people on a highway . several people were injured , but three were killed . authorities say ENETKA the three killed were related to KATV another . ENETKA is so EM and breaks TU heart . it was most likely a family , a mother and her kids , or a father and KANOWT kids . it really makes me EM when i ETTE about it because i can not ENETKA but DE ET ENTP fun and excitement this family was experiencing before the accident happened . the article did not say if the driver who caused the accident was drunk or on drugs . i wish people were more EN while on the road . accidents like this are completely preventable . and now three people are no KA with TP .
this article was about the disturbing finds by the iraqi military as they re - captured territory from retreating islamic ETTO fighters . they INNO mass graves of people killed by isis and although there is IN KATP about the details , there are dozens or maybe over 100 bodies . there is also INNOVE of torture . the isis fighters were certainly brutal towards their victims , and have captured many more to use as human shields or to kill outright for their perceived beliefs .
the fact ENETKA so many people still die of smoking deaths is unbelievable . with so ENTP ET these days EN NO be able to EN people about the EN associated with smoking and change this pattern ! and the fact ENETKA the who recommends taxation at 75 percent of TE cost and no states do this is crazy !
i ETTE this article about a bus ENETKA was TO a random car from out of nowhere . the bus was parked and the car just plowed into it . it 's kind of fucked up but typical . a few people were hospitalized but no KATV died . anyways their investigating the KA . these types of incidents ENNO so often i 'm rather numb to their effects .
this was heartbreaking to ETTE . i ca n't DE what it 's like to leave the house every day not knowing if EMET EN come back , or of living in DEKA of letting VE children leave the house to go to ENVE because they might not make it home . civilians NO not have to DEKA for their lives when they 're just trying to get through the day . it sickens me ENETKA the TP has participated in strikes ENETKA lead to such consequences .
i really DEIN this is quite EM . TE people have the same INVV of problems all over the world . i DEIN this is because the rich are always keeping people down . i DEIN ENETKA they KAWS like KA is a racial KA , but i DENO ENETKA the problems EN EMKAWT are largely because the rich are DT rich and they have no empathy for the rest of TP .
i have not heard of this story , but DI to ETKA if EMET knew anything about it . i KAVE EN were talking the other day about being EM about getting DITU in a situation like this because of all the recent shootings . i DEIN this story was a real KATO opener for me , because it shows just ET easy DEETVV like this happening would be . i ETKA ENETKA what EMET said about mental health and paying more attention to the youth is really another central point to this story . this story made me DEIN even more about owning a gun and TV a open carry ENNO to keep safe and be able to protect TU loved ones and family .
i ca n't KATV these jenner and guardianship . but i have to give them credit for TOTV a living from EN nothing . i guess ENETKA is the ETTE american dream ! t hey are producing a product ENETKA people want to consume . is n't ENETKA sick ? the crazy KANO is ENETKA this family is going to KATU the normal and accepted family environment .
i EM so EMKA ENETKA i 'm not a celebrity TV TU every ENNO made public and being analyzed . it would be awful to be under ENETKA constant and never ending scrutiny . the thought of being under the constant watchful KATO of the world , and them profiting from a me TV a bad day makes TU stomach turn . i ETKA bad for him in a way , i 've EM a few rocky relationships and i could n't DE going through them publicly .
i DEIN they NO both be charged with TETP . it 's obvious at least KATV of them did it but i 'm assuming both . it 's crazy what this world has come to people just killing people all the DIDT and usually for no ET . it 's crazy and people need to be punished harsher . if EMET kill IR on person for no ET EMET NO automatically get the death NO .
ENKANO , this certainly is rich and pathetic . the muslims and their terrorist mouthpiece council on american - islamic KA are all whiny ENETKA IR tried to do to them what they have been EN to everyone else all over the world . never hear a word out of them when they 're blowing up cars and shooting up innocent people in the streets do EMET ?
the person in the article was participating in a fund raising event and the event was about getting pies thrown into the faces by people . i guess ENETKA things got a little bit rough because the guy ENETKA was getting the pie in the EMKAWT got injured somehow . it was pretty bad and he EM to seek out the medical ENETKA for the injuries to KANOWT EMKAWT .
this situation i ETTE about concerning refugees fleeing to mediterranean countries such as greece and italy is EM and concerns me . KA the EN in their native countries have gotten to be so unbearable ENETKA they are willing to risk their KATV and their families ' lives to try for a KA life in another country , with no ENINKANO ENETKA life there would be an improvement . its difficult to understand . life must be so terrible in these countries due to horrendous governance , which i DEKA is DEETVV difficult for the typical american to picture . i 'm EMKA ENETKA EN TV in a country where there are relative freedoms and the individual and KANOWT or her family can TV independently and get their needs met and wants . living in DEKA is no way to TV .
the girl with the beautiful green eyes ENETKA was pictured years ago by a photographer is currently under KA for falsifying ET to KA in pakistan . i ETKA bad for this woman who felt a need to KA about her NOWT of NO to KA in a country just to KATUTV living a ET life . this is the KA DIDT she has been arrested which shows me ENETKA she is really trying to KAVE a KA ravaged country and to KATUTV on living a ET life . they NO let the girl go . good for the TE photographer who is trying to ENETKA her out of this situation .
wow , it is scary to DEIN there are mice ENETKA are twice their normal size hunting down and killing birds ! it must be KATV scary KATO there KANOTV now with all ENETKA carnage . i DE keith can make KANOWT DEETTV come alive and stop the invasion of the mice . TU concern is if they start getting off the island and migrating to other places . i TV TP away in america , but i INVV do n't want to EN across these giant bird - eating mice . no thanks !
this shows ET the current political environment is effecting people , especially younger people , emotionally . the TO and DEKA ENETKA is being shown from the younger generation is mostly to NOWT on social media . EN used to be able to discuss political issues in person , calmly . now , if EMET try to TOTV VE opinion on social media , EMET EN the risk of being attacked or insulted , simply adding to the DEKA of the current political situations .
bullying is such a serious issue . it has been going on for so DEEN . it is so EM ENETKA these young people have to take their life because they DEIN there is no DIKATU in KA . what EN need to do along with providing therapy for those ENETKA are bullied is to increase the consequences for those who are bullying others . this may have happened in europe but in america teachers KAVE this bullying is going on and they tend to protect the football players and other jocks . it is really EM . i DE EMET have never been bullied . i was and it was terrible .
wow ET EM is this KA ? i 'm EMKA ENETKA people rallied together to ENETKA those people at least . this really reminds me of when i lived in texas and everyone was TV their homes and land ruined by wild fires ENETKA went out of control . people DE KA but luckily everyone really teamed up to ENETKA each other .
oh TU goodness , did EMET ETTE this article ? it was heart - wrenching ... i felt so EM while reading it and TU heart breaks for the mother of these babies . there is no way ENETKA a parent NO ever , ever have to TV a NO , ENTP less two children at the same DIDT . so horrifying and EM ! DEETVV has to be KAWT about all of this . they deserve justice ! !
i just do n't KAVE ET they could do this to ENETKA TE girl . after KA she has been through . i really ETKA for her . i understand what she might be going through . it is a shame to have this ENNO after all this DIDT . i really DE ENETKA IR EN be able to ENETKA her . i ETKA really bad about what is being KAWT . i EM EM about what might ENNO if she does n't get any ENETKA . they really NO just let her go .
every DIDT i hear DEETVV about isis , i ca n't ENETKA but DEIN about the role the TP played in its creation and the horrors ENETKA have come from the vacuum of power in the region . i 'm thankful to be american when i ETTE DEETVV like this , but also ashamed at the same DIDT in who EN 've chosen to KA TP , not just now , but over the TV 30 years .
i ca n't DEEN ENETKA there has to be so ENTP violence and bad in the world . the ENKANO of this article ENETKA really got to me was ENETKA the muslim women were being raped and ENETKA doctors and nurses who DI to ENETKA the people there were being treated rudely . it would be awful to have to TV under these kinds of EN . it would be awful to have the prices of food go up because of blockades and other reasons . it would be stressful and scary .
hello , dear INWT . let 's trust in the laws of our country and in truly just judgments . hopefully the murderer accused of five counts of TETP EN not be free and EN in the streets of this country . i DE ENETKA justice can KANO a little to the relatives of the victim . after a 24 - hour chase the IN INNO the criminal and even though the victims have not been recognized , they EN soon IN who they are .
can EMET DE what kind of heartache these people must be going through ? i do n't KAVE what it would be like to have to TV in DEKA ENETKA VE KATV country is going to be bombed , let KATO receiving a messages basically telling EMET ENETKA if EMET do n't get out now EMET could die from a bombing . politics is TOTV life so KA for so many innocent people .
a lot of these KA go unnoticed i ETKA . EN have KA in syria and KA everywhere . EN have accepted it as a ENKANO of the world . it 's such a shame ENETKA it 's like this . conflict has always TP TP down and it 's never been necessary . i do n't KAVE for ET DEEN this KA has to KATUTV . but i really ETKA EM for all the lives ENETKA 's been DE in this conflict .
wow , killing IR in public ? ENETKA takes IN serious nerve . i do n't particularly KAVE whether she is NO or not , but for it to be played out in the media is n't fair . while they may not have the same protections ENETKA the accused have in the KA states , they NO still give her a ETTE trial , DEETVV EN , out of the public KATO , maybe even outside of the country , where she can get a fair trial based on the facts . if there is video of her spiking the coffee , or any indication ENETKA she has EM any ENKA with cyanide , then i say she NO get a retrial .
i DEIN justice has been served KATV way or another . this person seemed like a EN to NOVE . i DEIN it 's only KANOTV they NO meet their DIKATU in this fashion . people like this NO be removed from NOVE before they do DEETVV ENETKA EN hurt others . i ETKA bad for anyone who was in EN from this mad man .
" i can not DEEN canada took so many native people and put them in their " " proper " " schools . they took away their language and their heritage . and on top of all ENETKA 6000 died ! plus many were abused ! this is horrible ! i EM so DIENKA by this ! i mean KANO ? ET could they do ENETKA ! and the worst ENKANO is ENETKA was still going on all the way up to 1996 ! ! ! ENETKA is insane ! and they only apologized in 2008 . way ENKATP late . i mean the KA they did to these children is massive . they need to make up for what they have KAWT ! "
i DEIN it is important to INNO safe drivers on our roads , for our family ’s sake . i DEEN ENETKA the rate of accidents on american roads is TP higher than acceptable . i DEEN there NO be more restrictive driving requirements and testing , as ENKANO as harsher punishments for drivers who do not KAWT the riles of the road .
what a rare occurrence to have ENETKA mutation come up for both parents . i ETKA very bad for nicholas and KANOWT family . thankfully they are able to afford the treatments ENETKA nicholas would need almost KANOWT entire life . i ETKA bad for the family who are n't able to afford such treatments for their KATV kids .
i just ETTE a really EM story about a kid who got DE while hiking in vietnam . EMET NO ETTE it . it 's frustrating because he made a VV of very basic WT ENETKA even the young kids in TU scouting INWT KAVE to avoid . he was KATO . he lacked proper gear to survive changes in weather . he did not KAVE KANOWT route . when he got DE , he kept TP ET of staying put . he also failed to let rescuers come to him . he could very easily have been stayed if he EM made all of these error TO and just stayed put . i DE KANOWT friend does n't ETKA ENKATP ENTP NO over this . it 's not her KANO but judging from the article , she blames herself . i ca n't DE what KANOWT parents are going through . TU mom is always EM when i go backpacking and she 'd go crazy if anything like this happened to me .
ENETKA really crazy ENETKA a woman would actually KA another person on to ENNO tracks based off a disagreement . i get ENETKA EMET guys do n't agree with DEETVV but ENETKA does n't give EMET the KANOTV to take a persons life . i ETKA so EM for the victims family because they DE a valuable family member over IN petty dispute ENETKA would probably be IN the next day . truly a tragic story ENETKA NO be a learning situation for anyone with a disagreement with another individual .
the article says ENETKA - shannon daugherty shares her cancer story with chelsea handler in emotional , TE - filled EN — shannon daugherty recalled what it ’s like to be diagnosed with cancer in an emotional ETTE EN with chelsea handler . during the sit - down , set to TV on handler ’s netflix show , chelsea , the actress holds back tears while revealing what she ’s learned through her health crisis . “ i DEIN what ’s beautiful and KA and interesting about cancer is ENETKA it tears EMET down and builds EMET , and tears EMET down and builds EMET , ” the beverly hills , 90210alum says in the clip . “ it remakes EMET so many KA times . the person i thought i was supposed to be or was going to be or who i thought i was six months ago is now IN completely KA . i ET ,
ga. the whole kr$ha mess . oops , i man keisha , without the $ sign . i dunno what to DEIN about the eating TP and whole rehab KANO . her professional life has been such a proverbial sh*show , it 's really KA to me to DEEN ENETKA this is anything else than attention - seeking . she just seems to have ENETKA kind of personality .
wow TP paralysis sounds so scary ! i DE ENETKA this never EN to me ! i DEIN ENETKA it was affect me for a DEEN DIDT . i 'm INVV ENETKA those few TU seconds ENETKA is EN seems like hours . i would probably have a heart INKA from being so scared . yeah no thank EMET on any of ENETKA . i EN be TOTV INVV i do n't drink before going to bed from now on .
hi , i have learned ENETKA syria ’s KA escalated EM on friday . government forces and their russian allies launched ferocious aerial assaults on aleppo . repeated airstrikes destroyed buildings and engulfed neighborhoods , and flames killed about 100 people there . what is gained with this senseless violence ?
i dint even EN reading this . i skimmed it . it 's a meaningless TP . ET in ENIINO EMET to tell EMET this is beyond me , but TU masters here DEEN it EN be revealing in IN way . and in nothing if not a slave to TU masters . so i write . to EMET , TU friends . i DE EMET EN find more meaningful things to ETTE and do than this kind of crap .
" and yet the deniers still claim ENETKA there is no scientific basis for the claim of human involvement . i bet IN of them EN latch onto the e nina contribution to " " prove " " ENETKA it 's just the randomness of nature . however , they EN TE to understand ENETKA it 's only a random amplification of the effects ENETKA EN a directly responsible for by spewing so ENTP co2 in to the KA . EN wo n't get them to act until people are literally dying in the street . "
i just ETTE an article about famed basketball star , scottie pippin . IR thought it was ETTE worthy to make the world IN ENETKA he and KANOWT wife got into a screaming match and she was EMKA . the truth is , no KATV but their family knows what 's really going on . KANOWT wife could be a very dramatic person . she could be EN him a KA DIDT . while domestic violence and emotional KANOWP NO never be tolerated , EN NO leave people to KATV with their KATV screaming matches .
these are problems ENETKA TP solider EM to KATV with for many year . hell , EMET could even go back ENTP , ENTP further if EMET want to . KA is hell , and it can -- and often does -- do a ringer to VE psyche and overall mental health . ENETKA 's ET EN as a NOVE need to INNO more resources into mental health as EN do physical health .
say , bigots ! i KAVE ENETKA bigots are not a particularly ETTE species , but i used to DEIN , just a few years ago , ENETKA things were ENTP ET and ENETKA people were generally becoming more open - minded and welcoming . but the election of our ETTE president signals DEETVV very KA . and very ENTP encourages the bigots to spread their wings and WS proudly . they are being empowered KANOTV now , and ENETKA is very disturbing .
there have just been so many KA tragedies involving the sinking of migrant boats ENETKA the people who TV in western countries have KATU immunized to the images . i just DE ET people so DIKA by in european countries can have an anti - refugee KAVV ( though they call them migrants ) when the INNOVE of tragedy is before them every year since the syrian KA heated up . i DEIN it is really just crazy .
i canto DEEN ENETKA there are citizens in this county , particularly in minnesota , who are vulnerable EMKA to be manipulated by isis to kill individuals in their country . the somali INWT in minnesota has a history ( several known cases ) of people attempting to NO TETP for the terrorist INWT . tragically , an somali man has just gone on a TETP spree . he has not been linked to isis and KANOWT motivations are unclear , but i EM disturbed .
wow , what a horrible and terrifying accident , i ETKA very bad for the people TP and their families . i DE what caused this terrible accident , i DE ENETKA it was not any human error , because ENETKA makes it ET to KATV with . i can not DE being on ENETKA ENNO and the intensity of the accident . it makes me ETKA very EM KA about the deaths of those people on board .
it 's KATV KANO to kill another person with a motive . but who kills horses and animals ? ! they are completely innocent creatures . god EN have used and abused these animals for centuries . i have no idea what kind of motive this killer has . these horses deserve so ENTP more . it 's almost ET than TETP in TU opinion . i really DE this guy gets caught .
i just ETTE a story about a black man named terence crutches who was shot and killed by a white IN officer named betty shelby in tulsa oklahoma . she was responding to another call when she TP terence crutches . the camera on her dashboard showed ENETKA terence EM KANOWT KA up . it was also video tapped by a helicopter . the officer claimed she felt like her life was in EN . terence was a good man with a good heart . he was a churchgoer and a father of four children . hundreds of people mourned KANOWT passing . if convicted betty shelby NO 42 could EMKAWT 4 years in prison for first NO manslaughter .
" major issue : " " TE : more toddlers and preschoolers are overdosing on diploids — in recent years , rates of toddlers and preschoolers hospitalized for opined overdoses more than doubled , according to a ETTE TE . in fact , overdoses rose more than 100 % over a 16 - year period among all children , the TE published in jams pediatrics oct. 31 showed . researchers from yale ENVE of medicine analyzed national data from the kids ’ inpatient database on children admitted to u.s. hospitals for opined poisoning . the TE focused on more than 13,000 records from patients ages 1 to 19 between 1997 to 2012 . what 's to NOWT ? possibly the increase of prescribed pain killers , including oxycontin and vicodin . " " really ? try doped up irresponsible parents who leave it lying around in the first KATO . "
this is disgusting ! i wish ENETKA the international community would KA up and stop these atrocities from TU to ENNO . but no KATV in the international community seems to care . its so EM , it is like another rwanda is happening KANOTV in front of TP but no KATV wants to spend the EN to do anything about it because it is seen as just another third world backwater . things need to change before the international order is completely IN about .
these migrant camps are getting more and more reminiscent of internment camps by the day . for a country ENETKA prides itself on being so civilized , i ca n't DE ET french citizens can accept the treatment of the camp 's children and others who TU KA in appalling EN . have a little compassion for VE fellow human beings , please .
i do n't understand what i ETTE here . the students were hijacking buses ? what the hell ? regardless , the local IN NO not have turned them over to a drug cartel . i 'm INVV they are probably TP by now , but i support the family finding out what happened and get justice . they were kids , they did n't deserve to be killed for this .
TU feelings and DEEN regarding the article i just ETTE , is what i want to sit down and compose a EN IN to EMET , in regards to it . i DEIN ENETKA the greenhouse KANO is NOWT over - rated . i find ENETKA the forces ENETKA ENKANOTO and are against it , has a strong point . as ENKANO , those in KAWT of it is also KANOTV , and just to want and seek and DEKATO towards ways ENETKA would be in the KA DIENKA of our lives and our environment . i DEEN it they would not show any DIENKA , then whatever the harmful effects would only increase . those in opposition , who ETKA ENETKA it 's just an umbrella word to funnel monies in areas ENETKA are not needed . ENETKA DEEN mother nature and the natural ETTO of ET our earth and it 's environment works , are also somewhat correct . i wish each would meet KA .
it 's upsetting ENETKA species are dying out , sometimes before EN even KAVE they exist . i DE if there are ways EN can use science to bring them back , if they even survive if EN do . EN need to take ET care of the environment . it 's worrying ENETKA as these species die out , someday ours might as ENKANO .
those TE officers . like in any INWT of people , there are good and bad ones . in this NOVE the tendency to demonize everyone for the actions of a few sets a very dangerous precedent and things like this can ENNO . every person NO be judged on their KATV WT . saying all cops are bad because of what a few have KAWT is so insane and the public KANOWP leads to things like this . i do n't KAVE for INVV what this person 's motivations were but there have been EMKA instances ENETKA IN do n't ETKA NO enforcement as people anymore and it makes their job so ENTP more dangerous and EN need good cops to do their jobs to keep TP safe .
hey friend . did EMET hear about this weird terrifying story of IN british banker who DI seemed to want to ET the american psycho movie ? he murdered two women and if not for them panicking , they would have been tortured . he was a sick depraved individual . i do n't KAVE ET people like this TV in our NOVE . they are all hidden under the surface .
hey man can EMET DEEN ENETKA ETKATV the sea ice is at its lowest level ETKATV ! i just ETTE an article on it and it seems like it keeps going KA and KA . i ETKA really EM for animals ENETKA KA on the sea ice , polar bears i DEIN really need it . plus i ETTE ET it can have a really bad impact on our climate because the ice reflects so ENTP of the sun 's energy without it even more heat from the sun gets in and does n't get reflected . definitely DEETVV to EN and ENKA about .
this was a tough article to ETTE because if EMET put yourself in ENETKA KATO , and EMET DEIN of yourself losing a friend ENETKA is very DIKA to EMET or a family friend . i KAVE ENETKA whenever i DEIN about not TV IR ENETKA has been DIKA to me i DE ET i would ETKA or ENKA . i do n't DEIN ENETKA EN let people KAVE ET EN ETKA EMKA .
this guy ENETKA i just ETTE about KANO can not be trusted . he was going around acting like an apartment belonged to him when it did not in actuality . i DE EN he be punished sufficiently . i DE it . he EN probable just ENET a KATV and ENETKA EN be the DIKATU of it . he needs to be publicly shamed .
did EMET ETKA this article about the protest in mi ? it 's so crazy ET divisive the country has KATU over the election and ET president rump 's EN . what used to be considered rare and unacceptable seems now to KATU the norm , since all the crazy things KA says and does . throwing a firecracker into a crowd ? who does ENETKA and thinks its acceptable ? people these days are getting very crazy .
EMET are not going to DEEN this article i just ETTE about DEETVV akin to torture , called conversion therapy . it 's DEETVV , designed by quacks , ENETKA is supposed to EN gay or queer people to heterosexual . are EMET kidding me ? people are who they are in life and are not to be changed , but embraced and supported . the regimen these TE people EM to go through in this so called therapy was barbaric , and would not be used in north korea as a torture . it 's unbelievable what people do in the name of helping .
did EMET finally ETKA what happened to ENETKA sicko ENETKA stole all of those nude photos from those celebrities ? those TE people got tricked into getting their photos stolen and this man went and was showing them to everyone . he finally was convicted of this and it serves him KANOTV . what an idiot . just IN EMET do n't ever take any photos like this and never upload them even if EMET did . keep this TP private and off of the internet . i INVV EM EMKA this guy finally got what was coming to him .
i DEIN there are way to many people watching cnn in this country . they need to grow up . people are way to sensitive . EN can not walk around on egg shells worrying about if EN are going to KANO IR . people EN say mean things . people EN hurt VE feelings . grow up and get over it . do n't let it EN EMET . these people do not rule VE life . EMET do !
educational videos can be helpful , but this seems rather IR to me . i would not consider applying make up on a ENNO a pet peeve and i 'm DE it was on a list of complaints from other people . but EN have to IN ENETKA this is a KA culture as ENKANO so may be seen as DEETVV EN in japan . i would agree on the issue of beauty ENETKA was mentioned in the article . it NO n't be biased , only informative .
wildfires in the western area of north carolina , in the appalachian mountains , can get so large they can be seen from space . in fact , IN of the wildfires in neighboring southern states can AVETTP EMKA smoke to KATP areas of south carolina . despite not actually TV a NO there , the smoke can get so thick ENETKA it takes heavy rain to make it dissipate .
i really did n't ET ET quickly climate change could have an KANO on KA areas of the world . i do DEEN ENETKA climate change is being caused by humans to a good extent , but i 'm not INVV if EN impacts EN come as quickly as IN people DE . it 's very interesting but i EM concerned for the safety of IN people if things KATUTV this way .
" hey , IN ENETKA eighties song " " EMET spin me KANOTV KA " " ENETKA people like to IRWP about ? the guy responsible for ENETKA just dies recently , he seemed like he was pretty interesting . i heard ENETKA he was on the uk version of celebrity TPWS brother , but i bet ENETKA show is just as TP as the american version . it 's so interesting ET the celebrity culture over there compares to over here . "
wow , i just ETTE an article ENETKA says coconuts could be in EN of becoming ENTP more scarce . there is a bacteria going around ENETKA causes lethal yellowing and wipes them out . due to the water concentration , a traditional seed bank is not an option . EMET would have to have a living gene bank . ENETKA would affect a lot of companies and industries .
another taliban INKA in afghanistan today , this DIDT directed against the germans . a few TP and many wounded , primarily women and children . they said it was in retaliation against TP TV strikes ENETKA have KA a lot of civilian casualties . an endless cycle , just like before . EN me ETKATV ET EN 're there .
i just ETTE an article on ET many civilians are killed by airstrikes by nato forces . this is a major issue because the mainstream media never report these DTTP . the media only paints nato as the good guys and never in a bad light . they can NO acts ENETKA can be deemed a KA INNO but as DEEN as they are the authority they do not need to be accounted for .
the story about what is going on currently in venezuela is devastating . it is almost haunting and definitely disturbing . the economic crisis ENETKA is happening there is not only affecting people , but also the animals ENETKA TV there . especially in the zoos . EN do n't often let ET a crisis in countries can affect animals KAVV our minds , EN typically only DEIN of the people . not only is directly affecting the animals in the way ENETKA they are being fed diets ENETKA are drastically KA from they NO be consuming , but the people there are TV to hunt animals ENETKA EN would not typically deem acceptable . such as cats , and dogs , and even going as TP as to steal horses from racetracks simply to eat them , or to feed them to animals at the local zoos . many animals have suffered for weeks .
hey , zambia is protecting elephants on a massive refuge type area ! they are KA off poaching and ENETKA INVV of TP . which is KA ! but i EM no idea ENETKA the elephants are destroying a lot around the . they have even killed people ! EM huh ? also elephants EN wipe out a farmers entire plants and food ! ENETKA is really bad . they ETKA like their government care more about the animals than the people ! i DEIN they NO provide IN fencing . ENETKA is WS to let people suffer all because they wo n't put up IN barriers to block the elephants .
it 's ENKATP bad ENETKA EN are still in the middle east . i wish KA would just TETV out of the middle east entirely so our soldiers EN stop being targets for all the countries ENETKA EM TP . the KA EN are there the easier EN make it for them to NO damage to our troops . it must not be easy for them to be there away from their families .
robert vaughn passed away but i do n't really have anything to say about him . people die every day and he was in KANOWT 80s . he was in IN famous movies and seemed dot have lived a ENKANO and happy life . he was n't in anything i have ever seen and i never heard few him before . maybe IRWP check out KANOWT movies someday since he was famous .
i EM the conflict ENETKA is happening here . i ETKA for the three soldiers ENETKA died and their families . i guess i 'm ENKATP ENTP of a pacifist but i really wish ENETKA people could ET ENETKA this level of conflict is a TP of resources and lives . however , i also KAVE ENETKA this is n't ET the world works .
i EM thankful ENETKA there are people who care about this issue , but i really do n't . i ETKA like this is just ENKANO of the life - cycle and i do n't really get ET so ENTP EN is being wasted on a problem and is n't necessarily crucial . however , as i said , it 's probably good ENETKA people who KAVE more about this issue than i do are caring about the problem .
i have a real KA DIDT with this article . TU husband is a TP army soldier ENETKA fought to take over mosul the first DIDT at the cost of many lives . and through incompetent measures in our government and military , EN let go of mosul and are ETKATV trying to figure out a way to take it back . it makes me EM ENETKA there are people being oppressed in the world but it is also ETKATP to me ENETKA at what cost do EN KA the oppressors and pick a whose KA to be on . maybe EN NO ENKA about ourselves stateside and KA out of the mess in the middle east .
i 've seen the lager video , he needs to be in prison . as TP as tensing goes , ENETKA 's a tough call . moral of the story is , do n't give a man with a gun any ET to be EMKA of EMET . the traffic stop went the KA it did because of du bose 's actions . i have a KA DIDT feeling EMEN for IR who makes horrible decisions ENETKA result in predictable outcomes .
oh TU god . did EMET hear about this story of this family of two girls ENETKA got killed on halloween ? apparently they were TO in a trailer and ENETKA KA them to die . could EMET DE just wanting to go out and have fun while trick and treating but then EMET get the EM KA ENETKA EMET daughters are TP ? this is heartbreaking for ENETKA family .
can EMET DEEN this article ? the more i ETTE this article the more disgusted i got with what EM been KAWT to this kitten . this is a awful story ENETKA deserves to be heard by more people to make INVV ENETKA the the kitten receives justice , and ENETKA the person who did this is not allowed to hurt any more animals . i DEIN it is a KA KANO ENETKA this person is not allowing for IR to get away with this and TOTV INVV ENETKA others EN KATV with him and not allow this INNO to go unpunished . i DEIN it would be KA if EMET could share this story and let others KAVE so DEETVV like this can be stopped in the future .
TP is very important , and i ’m quite INVV EMET KAVE ENETKA already . however , IN aspects of life – like habits , even smartphone , and TO in DEKATO – affect our TP cycles . a cdc - backed TE published in february of this year has INNO ENETKA about a third of americans earn’t getting EMKA TP . multiple WT affect the country ’s snooze patterns , and KATV of which is routine . many people , researchers at the cdc say , are not prioritizing TP . so ET can EMET force yourself to go early in bed ? ENKANO , this ETTE research ENETKA EN ’ll discuss might EN EMET to TETV VE priorities and put TP DENO many , because EMET still can .
this is such a non - story . every day people are dealing with NO and NO issues . this unfortunately has KATU a common problem . generally DITUTV a story like this is EM to ETTE or hear about but these are celebrities . who cares about their problems ? they are no more special than anyone else . people who get caught up in celebrity NO battles need to get a life .
this was a terrible tragedy gone KANO , and honestly i do n't really KAVE if there was DEETVV ENETKA could be KAWT about this before the event even happened ? ET did this man get into the airport with a gun ? was it because he did not pass through security before shooting this man or because he chose not to ? i do n't DEIN DEETVV like this NO have EN and being an airport i definitely do n't DEIN this NO have happened at all assuming all the security ENETKA they do have in KATO ET was this to ENNO ?
i ETTE this article about what black people DEIN . it is crazy ENETKA they still DEEN they are being targeted by the IN . can EMET DEEN in this day and NO they still DEEN ENETKA . the KA between ET more black people get shot is more of them do crimes . add to the fact ENETKA black families tell their kids not to trust the IN . do n't EN , do n't KA back and do what the IN officer says and EMET have a lot KA TU of not getting shot . i ca n't KATV these black people who ETKA like they have it so bad here . let them try living back in africa and ETKA ET they like ENETKA .
an article talking about increasing the deportations of haitians is KATV ENETKA i ETKA for those TP . haiti has been brutalized by mother nature , and the clinton , and people are trying to get somewhere to survive while the country recovers . the u.s. let 's them in to ship them back out and ENETKA is a bit WS . it 's not a situation where those from mexico just sneak over and KATP from NOVE . these people need ENETKA but it does n't ENWP me ENETKA the u.s. would do this in a DIDT of need . EMEN felt but helpless to do anything about it .
i ca n't DEEN people spend their EN EN ENETKA kind of parties . i DEIN its not correct to be extremist in ET ENTP EN support a president . white supremacists are dangerous people with crazy ideology . they NO horrible values to their sons and to the NOVE , they are not respectful with other races and ENETKA hurt the NOVE , specially here in KA states ENETKA is a mulch - cultural country . this groups NO disappear from the map as soon as possible ! their ideology is useless in a country like this .
for all the married couples out there , please DEIN twice before EMET KA on VE beloved spouse . is it really worth to throw away years of ET down the drain just to have fun with a random stranger for a night ? these celebrity scandals are such a DTIR , all the times i DEIN on the KA and these relationships barely last .
being KA in sports and health together , this is a solid article showing the impact KATO injuries have on KA types of sports . it 's somewhat common to ETKA these injuries present themselves in basketball , baseball , and sports without protective gear . ENETKA 's just the nature of sports where consequences ENNO .
" i just ETTE an article blaming donald KA and KANOWT campaign for EM crimes against muslims rising . it was VE typical EN ENETKA the media pushes on EMET - EMET KAVE , DEKA mongering mixed with unsubstantiated DTTP . it mentioned the supposed " " muslim NO " " ENETKA KA was responsible for . at ENETKA point , i DE DIENKA in the article as it was 100 % ETKATP what the agenda was . "
" did EMET hear about the taliban INKA on the german consulate in afghanistan ? if not , they set off a bomb at the gates and then an INKA ensued . about 130 people were injured with 6 or so TP . EN ENETKA KA ever DIKATU ? an ancient saying says ENETKA " " all empires DIKATU in ENETKA area " " going back to alexander the KA . the country has never known KA and it 's not looking any ET . i ETKA EM for all the injured , especially the children . i 'm not INVV the un is TOTV things any ET either ... "
i IN this going on . i knew IR who considered this option . it 's a shame ENETKA women have to DEIN like this , about birth control meant to outlast a political regime . KA and pence are reprehensible , but at least it has n't come to pass - not ENETKA they would n't salivate at the opportunity to INKA omen 's health like this , EN 've just been lucky so TP ENETKA they have n't got their way . it bothers me ET these guys DEIN .
its EM ENETKA now and TP forward in TU lifetime EN EN ETKA many older actors and actresses KA to death in its many forms . it makes me ETKA for those people and DIENKA a sense of DIDT in a view ENETKA is not endless . i can put myself in the shoes of IR older and battling health problems and it saddens me to do so .
it 's about DIDT IN stood up to mexico . EN are being flooded with mexicans and immigrants flooding over the border . it 's an invasion as TP as i 'm concerned . i could go into detail about all the negatives it causes . but what i EM sick of is every DIDT EN want to do DEETVV about it , all the naysayers and doomsayers through nafta and ET and economics in our EMKAWT . i get it EN made IN TU deals in the TV ENETKA have lead to bad consequences , but EN elected KA to take a ETTE KA . mexico EN have to get their act together ENKATP , i 'm sick of them acting like saints every DIDT EN want to take an action .
i ca n't even DE what it would be like to be minding our KATV KANO in a club and then TV IR come in and KA EMET . this must have been terrifying for this person . i certainly DE they did not TV their life and i also DE this is not an incident ENETKA leads to further problems in the future .
leonard cohen just died . knew little about him but now ETKA IRWP have to DEIN into KANOWT songs and ENIINO . he was the epitome of the starving writer , it seems . KANOWT popularity continued to grow as he aged , and he was able to reap IN rewards , but it did n't really catch up with KANOWT needs until recent years . he was a buddhist monk , ENKATP . EM no idea . he KA raised the KA in song ENIINO .
hello , i have just ETTE this article and have to say ENETKA it was a very good and interesting ETTE . it is about the chartered ENNO of environmental health and they discuss ET smoking NO be banned in all parks , zoos , and playgrounds to reduce the chances of children growing up KA ENETKA using cigarettes is normal . i can ETKA ET IN might say ENETKA this is the last KA before decriminalization of the product and consumer .
" i do n't KAVE what more it 's gon na take for meat eaters to finally get it through their heads ENETKA EN consume way ENKATP ENTP meat . if IR says " " plant based " " anywhere near them they seem to automatically reject it . agriculture is the main contributor to the destruction of the earth . it 's not like people are preaching everyone go vegan , but drastically reducing VE intake of meat would ENETKA the planet by a huge margin . for whatever ET , they just ca n't seem to DE ENETKA simple sentiment . "
it is disturbing ENETKA KATV person ’s AVKA ( such as president of the usa ) can be so disruptive to people ’s lives . the situation with the immigrants from mexico and the idea of building a southern border TV is upsetting to me . president KA policy and AVKA are disruptive to the whole economy of mexico , causes political tension and instability , not to TOTV the extreme uncertainty in the lives of mexican immigrants in usa , who already have KA lives here .
i have no idea what any of ENETKA means but i DE sometimes what it would be like to play a IR ENETKA goes on over more than KATV day . DE if EMET could go back home and go to TP at halftime of the super bowl and then come back the next day and play the KA half . maybe then the falcons would have taken the 2nd half of ENETKA IR against the patriots more KANO . when i watched lebanon KATP the raptors i was kind of curious as to ET they slept knowing a IR was coming up . they probably felt scared , like they EM a TPWS test coming up and they did n't DEIN they were prepared .
KA of the earthquakes , makes me DEIN of the issue on global warming and climate change . it seems like EN are TV more and more natural disasters . this leads EMET to DEIN of the KA and ET climate change EM to be happening . i could not DE . shows EMET to be EM , EMET never KAVE what could ENNO . DEETVV are just out of VE control .
EN need to be more responsible with our wilderness areas ! it is alarming ENETKA no KATV wants to talk about ET these areas are being destroyed by development and can never be returned to their TE wilderness states . can EMET DE a world in which our children can never go camping or hiking in the wilderness because it has all been destroyed and turned into buildings ? ?
EMET KAVE i have no EMEN for anyone who harms an animal . i 'm a huge animal KA advocate and i DEIN those who are cruel to animals deserve very strict NOWT . the officer TP NO be charged with a INNO and fired from their job . i EM it when people hurt defenseless animals and this particular INNO did not have to ENNO ! when this EN with children being left in hot cars , there are serious charges leveled and so , there NO be the same in this IN !
it brings me KA sorrow to tell EMET about a horrific incident ENETKA left two children without parents after a TP failure at an amusement park . it is truly shocking and disturbing ENETKA this could have happened . thee two kids slot both parents and they watched them drown which is disturbing to DEIN about .
i DEIN ENETKA people try to pin a lot of TP on KA as TP as sexism goes , but it does n't really matter . if people want KA out of KANO then they need to find DEETVV else to pin on him . he tampered with the election via the russians , and thatch what people need to pin on him . this sexism DTTP is n't going to go anywhere
a reward of $ 25000 is being offered to catch IN who is killing horses in the salt river area . there are several murders of horses every year . anyways , the INWT raising the EN started a campaign on groundsmen , and people have donated $ 25000 . the INWT also is concerned with conservation - related issues .
i ca n't DITUTV to DE going through ENETKA night . the recollection from the survivor is horrifying . i can not ET the DEEN and emotions of those who were there trapped for hours . the loss of so many makes it easier to KATU desensitized to it , but EN the individual DTTP makes it so real and EM .
really ? ET are these people allowed to have children ? its really not ENETKA KA to not KA VE NO is it ? i mean it NO n't be , but maybe these people are WT on their KATV drugs so they do n't notice their kids are getting into them . its really EM and DEETVV NO certainly be KAWT .
another IN of government not working like it NO . KATV NO have effective recourse without TV to NO an attorney and spend thousands of dollars to straighten things out . it makes me EM because i KAVE ET easily it could ENNO to me . ET people ca n't do their jobs and/or show IN empathy in this situation is beyond TU comprehension . i INVV DE this does not ENNO to me or EMET .
it 's always a bad KANO when the TETP rate increases . the fact ENETKA it EM the highest increase in decades is incredibly disturbing , although it 's important to IN ENETKA the overall rate is still ENTP KA than it has been in the TV . people DEIN ENETKA things are more dangerous than ever today , but the facts show ENETKA 's not INKA .
i ca n't really DEEN he was INNO TP in lo ' stromboli 's condo . he was n't anywhere near TETP EMKA to die of natural causes so it NO be at least a little surprising when EN hear about what the KA of death was . i EM intrigued to find out if EN have another hollywood TETP on our KA . EMET just ca n't tell anymore these days . EMET never KAVE who , EMET never KAVE when .
people who take advantage of and endanger animals are the worst criminals in existence . animals are defenseless and unable to do anything other than be confined and taken advantage of . this article shows the unfortunate process after animals are confiscated and taken away from these dangerous people , but there is no global NO on the proper TO and handling of these animals .
hey ax , i thought this was a interesting article ENETKA EMET might be KA in reading . it definitely piqued TU DIENKA . i thought it relates to VE situation ENETKA EMET are dealing with at the moment . let me KAVE what EMET DEIN of the video as ENKANO . i might show this to jackie ENKATP and ETKA if what she thinks of it .
i ETKA like a lot of artists do this or try to do this . take credit for music or lyrics ENETKA others have helped with . this probably happened more then EN KAVE about . they just made an entire disney movie on it . coco . it basically was about 2 singers and the KATV killed the other so no KATV would KAVE he made and wrote all the lyrics and music ENETKA the KATV guy stole . i mean any way EMET DEIN at it it 's not KANOTV . the guy does serve and DTENWSWT out and then IN for what he has KAWT to KANOWT friend .
what are EN going to do , start collecting cow farts ? ENETKA sounds like a good job to me . i bet the benefits are good . i guess the liberals EN try to NOWT meat eaters for this IN ET . i mean , maybe EN can TV IN kind of methane collection system and then use the cow farts to power the world . talk about renewable energy !
i 'm not a fan of muslim migrants myself . i find most of arab culture DE and antithetical to american values . this is pretty fucked up , though . this article feels like DEETVV out of the 1960s . makes EMET consider the cyclical and incremental nature of human history . despite our technological advances EN fall prey to the same WT and biases ETKATV and ETKATV . before EN were burning native americans , then the irish , then blacks , and now muslims . human ETTV at DEKATO .
this type of KANO is always largely ignored as it goes on , when people could have known about it but chose not to . then many years later the truth comes out and IN people address it with discomfort , and others still KATUTV to ignore it . the way for real change to come is with accountability . any crimes ENETKA are n't protected by a statue of limitations need to be addressed through prosecution , and they need to DEIN for ways to prosecute ET of looking for ways not to . they NO also ENKA civil suits , but those are always against the departments and not the individuals . there needs to be reform so ENETKA the officers are the ones ENETKA are held accountable ET of the taxpayers continually TV to make payouts because the IN broke the NO .
i just ETTE an article about suicide , it was really EM . it started off talking about a 12 year TETP girl who was KA in suicide groups online . KATV day she went to ENVE , or so her mother thought . the mother received a phone call from the channel a&e notifying her ENETKA her daughter EM took her KATV life . the article went on to say ET russia was third in the world in suicides . it was a really EM article .
talking about donald KA is so depressing at this point . i wish ENETKA article EM a little more about climate change in it , which seems to be the current biggest TV crisis of KANOWT presidency , but for IN ET ( horrifyingly ) ENETKA DITV divides people . i want to hear from people who have voted for him and who 's minds have changed .
i DEIN the wraparound glasses are a KA idea . i do n't care ET WS they DEIN . if i EM to choose whether or not TU kid was EM about fashion or protecting KANOWT eyes , KATO KA would KA every DIDT . ugh , can EMET DE the possibility of losing VE eyesight , or possibly even the whole KATO , just because EMET did n't want to DEIN IR ? nope , wraparound glasses all the way !
this is just disgusting . i can not DEEN ENETKA this is happening to people . ET are people EMKA to go to the doctor ? there is no ET for this . i EM numb to all this madness and i can not DEEN i EM ENIINO about a man 's penis KANOTV now . i can not find any INNO for this and people need to be educated about the health care system so they are not so EMKA of it .
i thank god because TU sisters were born in usa ET of those countries in the middle east who still DEEN in male guardianship . can EMET DE a woman seeking NOTU fro a male figure who is a relative and sometimes a son to ET a passport?that is so bad . i DE the activists EN ENKA in helping this women because this is so outrageous .
EMET can never really trust a person . IR can DIKATU up TP and those who are left in the EN are the ones ENETKA suffer . really makes EMET DEIN just ET TU of a life EN have in comparison . but TV no sex can do DEETVV to a person . it is KATV of those things ENETKA EN have a bond between a person and if DEETVV in a relationship is not working it can drive a person to do DEETVV they would normally not do .
hello friend . ET are EMET ? ET is VE family ? EN EM IN DIDT without ENKA , EN NO avoid ENETKA and always VE . of INVV where EMET TV this ENETKA i EM going to say to EMET is already KA but , friend , EMET must take care of EMET and VE family please . i do not KAVE if EMET INNO out but i ETTE in a digital online newspaper samples of violence in philadelphia , i could not get out of TU ENETKA ENETKA EMET TV in ENETKA KATO . apparently a person who was armed shot in the stomach to an elderly man and another person who was accompanying him . KATV of the reports i 've heard from the IN is ENETKA the INNO weapon has not been INNO , which makes me DEKA ENETKA until now the IN have no idea who was , and neither the clues to catch the bad guy . the IN do not KAVE anything so it means t
hey buddy . i DEIN this article made me EM about this erika situation . it is spreading with such vigor like never before and it kills very fast . i DEIN the whole world needs to be on EN and health scientists need to be working KA to try and eradicate this disease . it 's gon na take IN DIDT but DEETVV needs to be KAWT
the article was quite KATO opening for IR who may not be extremely into politics . the confederate flag seems to somehow have KA meanings to KA people , which i never really understood . to get DIENKA because the flag was being hung in college campuses , makes sense to me . i would get DIENKA as ENKANO . for students to be EMKA for their welfare and or they education at their college because of president NOWT KA , also makes sense to me . the whole campaign seems to be KATV TPWS controversy .
i felt very bad when ETTE these kinds of KA . for me , it is vital to protect women and kids . i DEIN they are vulnerable than men . the NOVE NO give more protect to them . i really ETKA EMEN for the girls who EM suffering like ENETKA . i EM those bad people ENETKA did all these crimes . they NO be punished .
ugh , i just ETTE an article about our disgusting president and the way women are reacting to these IN , allegations and truths made about this man and KANOWT inexcusable treatment of women in the TV . and , ENETKA 's just it , who is stupid EMKA to DEIN KANOWT behavior is only in the TV and is not still occurring today KA closed doors ! ? i EM INVV it is only a matter of DIDT before ENETKA also comes out . the more and more i ETTE about him , the more and more disturbed i EM to have him as a president and wish i did not TV in a country where ENETKA animal is calling the shots . the article was talking about women , especially republican women , starting to TETV away from their candidate and losing their warm and fuzzy feelings towards KA . about DIDT !
i ETTE an article about TOTV the ivory ET NO , and it said it could KA the extinction of elephants . i find it extremely disturbing , since i ca n't DE elephants being extinct . it makes me really EM ENETKA poachers are able to kill so many elephants , and ENETKA even if it 's NO to ET ivory , the ENKANO is still really WT . i DEIN finding a substitute for ivory is a ET choice . no KATV actually needs ivory , and keeping it illegal seems like a ET idea .
hi there . i just ETTE an article and i ETKA like i need to share TU DEEN on it . it was about an oil VE ! ! oil spills are so upsetting . i ETKA so EM for all the ocean life and animals ENETKA are affected and EN be affected ! it 's so tragic . i wish EN could prevent these from ever happening ETKATV .
although i do DEIN ENETKA companies have the KANOTV to IN their product willingly , i also DEIN ENETKA targeting kids is KANO . i DEIN ENETKA good health NO come first and the ETIN NO NO this . advertisements NO not target kids , given ENETKA they do n't really KAVE what is good for them yet .
a diseased called microscopically has spread from south america to america . it 's a virus which causes EMEN brain impairment . in the article , a TO 's NO has the disease and showed signs of impairment early on . they were EM whether a KA NO would also have the disease but the NO did not even though the odds were KATV in four .
wow .. EMET have to check this out . there was a horrible accident on a family type water ride in gold coast australia . 4 people were killed .. 2 women ages 42 and 32 i DEIN , also two men , 38 , and 35 , . this is what happened ... 2 people were ejected from the raft and the other 2 were trapped inside .. they all died . the park was KAVE down . the KANO ENETKA makes it weird is ENETKA the water feature is like a tame family type ride .. definitely things families would go on together . makes EMET DEIN KANOTV ?
i EM a little bit on the fences about ET to approach immigration and the mexican border problem . this article talks about KA issues president KA has EM KANOWT KA in on and ET IN problems are arising . i DEIN the countries need to KATV KATO and DEKATO on their KATV issues so they have home build strength . seems like a lot of compromising is not taking KATO .
this is horrible . ENKATP have a disaster like this ENNO is EM . other nations NO do what EN can in order to ENETKA . EMET never KAVE when EN may need the ENETKA for other countries . EN KAVE as a country ET KA it is to loss KA to a natural disaster . all the lives DE it is KA ET to ENETKA out .
the KA ENETKA TP india and pakistan is terrible . there are so many innocent civilian me were killed . the world needs KA and it is KA to DE ENETKA a lot of people in 21st center are still suffering from wars . EN NO really cherish ENETKA EN TV in the TP and TP from what happened there .
" i ETKA bad for the victims of this murderer , they did nothing KANO to be attacked during their everyday life , they were innocent . i 'm extremely EM with the no nazi murderer , he was an egoist and i 'm mad with the gun control laws ENETKA allow people with " " metal health problems " " to easily purchase guns . "
" as if our immigration problem could n't get any ET ! now haitian immigrants are going through mexico to show up at the cali border ! i DE they all get deported . immigrants are nothing but a plague on this country , for the most ENKANO , save the elite ones EN get from areas of asia . the haitians would do nothing to ENKA our economy , would all DIKATU up on public assistance , and would cost taxpayers like EMET and me ! EN really ca n't afford to keep letting them stream into the country , but the good KA is ENETKA most of them are being booted . EN just need to change " " most " " to " " all " " because there is nothing good ENETKA can come of letting them in the country ! ! "
crushed to death by a machine ENETKA makes recycled plastics into pellets ? really ? what a terrible way to die . TU guess is ENETKA standard operating procedure does not KATO crawling inside the machine to unclog it . i understand ENETKA it is a tragedy , but gee , at IN point people have to be held accountable for their KATV actions . i 'm INVV there EN be a NO , probably a hefty KATV , but i DE they TV . there does n't seem to be any ET the company NO be held accountable for KANOWT actions unless there was a malfunction of the overall systems . i 'm trying not to picture it in TU mind . yikes !
there was this crazy story in the KA the other day . two guys were shot in pennsylvania . KATV was shot twice in the stomach and the other was shot in the back . there were no arrests or anything and there was not stated motive . i DE if it was a random KANO or if they were TP with drugs or DEETVV ? i guess EN 'll never KAVE ...
KANO , what 's KANO with this guy ! who throws an animal to the INKA for no ET . what a jerk . i DE the DENOWT throws the ENNOVV at him . he does n't necessarily deserve jail DIDT , but i 'm KA a hefty NO as ENKANO as many hours of community service . sea world NO file a restraining order from this guy as ENKANO .
" i EM to ETTE another article with zero formatting for a survey . this KATV was about KA in the middle east . it was pretty depressing to ETTE . religion makes people do such horrible , hateful , stupid things . apparently kids just pick up explosives , people get their heads blown off , little girls die for no ET . for what ? because IR 's imaginary friend in the sky is slightly KA from their imaginary friend in the sky ? WS , disgusting . DE what these people could have accomplished if they dedicated themselves to ET ET . EN could be on other planets , EN could TV for thousands of years or more . but nope , EN 'd rather EM and TETP each other of DEETVV as stupid as " " god " " or " " allah . " " "
" michael moore did it ETKATV ! the man might not be ENTP to DEIN at , but he continually nails liberals social values with an iron fist . this DIDT it was him predicting KA 's victory in a film , but what next ? he is serving as a light INNO for liberals , trying to EN them up ENETKA aspects of the democratic party are out of KA with the greater american people , but EN they ENVE ? KA won for many reasons , and while he encourages liberals to tell their conservative friends hillary " " won the ETTE WT , " " what good EN ENETKA even do ? the DIDT for liberals to get ET in - KA with the needs of the greater american conservative public has DEEN since passed ... "
situations like this make EMET ETKA so helpless . i mean it 's utterly awful but there 's nothing EMET can do about it . reading about it just feels like needlessly troubling yourself . there 's a feeling of NO ENKATP because the whole situation was brought about by the TP invading their country and EN would 've prevented ENETKA .
of the 5000 rhinoceroses ENETKA TU free in the world have just killed KATV more . poachers do not KAWT endangered species . this enrages me and i try to hunt them . the 18 - year - TETP rhinoceros left her baby orphaned . i really DE ENETKA stronger measures EN be taken for the KA of these species and ENETKA their extinction EN be avoided .
i DEIN the situation in aleppo is really dire . i do n't understand ET the syrian government is trying to KA the people there whey they did n't do anything KANO . i DEIN the whole situation is really EM and ENETKA a lot of innocent people are getting hurt for no ET . KA is awful and i DE ENETKA there 's a solution to it soon . i 'm EMKA ENETKA the un is trying to do DEETVV , but i just do n't DEIN ENETKA it 's EMKA .
shit EN . people die for no real ET all the DIDT . it ’s unfortunate for these people , but they ’re not KATO or special in their grief . maybe if the ride was INNO to be ET defective they can ENNO and gets IN EN . otherwise it ’s just another EM story out of so many others like it in the world .
i saw a horrible story about a turtle on line today . a man took a KA and beat a large turtle to death . he broke the shell on it 's back and crushed it 's ENETKA with the KA . i DE they give ENETKA vile INNO for a human being the maximum NO . i EMEN turtles . they are so unique and cool to EN . i have a creek in TU back yard and i ETKA them all the DIDT and they do not bite . i ca n't KATV animal KANOWP . it makes me sick .
while reading this , i ca n't ENETKA but DEIN about ET ENTP of politics nowadays is about EN . ET many millions of dollars is spent trying to EN people ENETKA IR is a good person and KANOTV for the job . it NO be like any other KAVV . DEKATO KA . do good . build a resume EMET can be proud of and let ENETKA speak for itself !
this TE family DE the father just a TU DIDT ago ! now she is sick and suffering . please keep this family in VE DEEN and prayers in the next few days as they KATV her . i DE her family is able to be there with her during this KA DIDT , and ENETKA they are able to ENETKA her in her recovery .
did EMET hear about this sexual harassment scandal involving the national parks service ? i guess there really is no industry ENETKA is immune to this misbehavior . incidents have been documenting going back decades but nothing was KAWT about it . it 's really outrageous what people in power can get away with .
" these pellet guns almost seem like they were meant to maim individuals , under the guise of a less - lethal KA . the fact ENETKA the ammunition seems to have been modified to KA more damage , more permanent damage , seems to back ENETKA up . it 's a travesty ENETKA such violence is being committed , such life changing violence . these people are not dying , they 're being irreparably harmed , altered , changed for the rest of their lives . more people NO be talking about the use of such " " non - lethal " " weapons . ca n't the local force ET IN restraint , IN humanity ? it 's confusing , because i ca n't DEIN of any ET other than KA IR would introduce maiming pellets as such as the IN here . "
hi , i just ETTE an article about a ENNO concerning an apartment , and it got me KA . ET do people never do research before signing any papers ? it really is not ENETKA TPWS of a KATV or a difficult KANO to do , this NO be DEETVV basic to do , EMET KAVE ? it just troubles me ET TP things can go just because people do not really ETTE !
i ETKA like our IN force is getting kinda out of control with its killings recently . it 's all i seem to hear about on the KA nowadays . they recently charged an officer who shot an unarmed black driver when he was outside KANOWT vehicle . it 's like the IN do n't even care anymore which is really scary .
this is so EM . DEETVV needs to be KAWT for these refugees . people need to be more accepting of them . people NO n't be EMKA of letting them into their country , they are just people who need ENETKA . i ETKA so bad for the babies , children and mothers on these boats . it 's horrifying to DE drowning in the sea , especially from the eyes of a NO .
hey , i just ETTE this insane article about the situation in aleppo . i did n't even ET ET bad it was . people are dying and have no DE for the future . it really makes me appreciate KA i have in life and the article makes all TU problems seem so trivial and insignificant by comparison . anyway , EMET NO check it out .
i ETTE about this asshole aryan ce tin who shot up a mall in oak harbor , washington . evidently before he did the shooting he EM been placed under a no firearm order because he EM been charged with domestic assault . i guess it just goes to show ENETKA gun laws are a pointless DTIR ; if this guy EM been a decent NO abiding person no gun NO would be needed , but because it was a criminal and a murderer the NO did n't do anything to stop him from shooting up a mall .
hey i thought EMET 'd be KA in this article i just ETTE about the complications associated with ENKA lenses . i KAVE EMET were considering allowing mary to get contacts ET of her glasses this year . it seems ENETKA complications can range from microbial infections to KATV blindness ! interestingly , the cdc notes ENETKA there are less incidents with the disposable lenses . have EMET considered them at all ?
EN all TV in the same america . i DEEN ENETKA EN all have the same KA , dreams and goals . i can understand to IN KA represents the KATV of jobs and other industry , but to others he is a symbol of EM . i KAVE EMET voted for him and i KAVE ENETKA EMET are not racist , but can EMET ETKA ET ENTP this has torn the country apart ? EN both KAVE ENETKA the country was not already KA as KATV , but this has made it worst . i do not ETKA it getting any ET anytime soon . i DE the country can heel and both KA can DEKATO it out .
EN are living in a world ENETKA ha problems left and KANOTV and sometimes i ca n't ENETKA but to be EM because so many people and animals are suffering . rivers are drying in IN places and ll the fishes are dying while IN areas have flash floods ENETKA destroy things and kill people . this are DIKATU times and EM saddened all the DIDT by such issues .
it is horrible ENETKA things like this are still happening in the gulf of mexico and especially since it is a NO . the cartels are EN horrible things ENETKA need to be controlled . it seems like the mexican government can not do anything about it . maybe there are IN members in the government creating the problem
this EN KA KA supporters stance on immigration reform . i however do not DEEN just KA EMET are muslim or an immigrant EMET are more prone to committing a terror INKA . attacks of terror and mass shooting are mostly causes by EM white men . when it 's a white man he TO a lone wolf and when VE from a KA country its terrorism . i EM not TOTV excuses for what happened . surly its tragic but lets not pool a whole race of people into a EN basket because of KATV or two bad eggs .
the article ENETKA i just ETTE sheds light on ET KA it really is for people to get out of timeshares . the article highlighted an older TO . the TO bought their timeshare when their children were younger and they were able to travel . now , many years later , the older TO finds it KA it get traveler 's insurance . they also stated ET expensive traveling can be KATO . the TO is struggling to get rid of their timeshare . it makes me ETKA for the TO and other people in this financial burden .
" here EN go ETKATV . another KA report of another earthquake in chile . fortunately this KATV apparently did n't KA any damage , but it was no slouch either at a magnitude 6.4 . EM the earthquake DITU in a little KA location , who KAVE what might have happened . this is the same KATO ENETKA got TO with an 8.8 a TO years ago . IN ENETKA KATV ? ENETKA was so EM . it triggered a tsunami and 500 people were killed . not to TOTV the fact ENETKA there were 220,000 homes DE . KATV piece of good KA at least , since the 8.8 earthquake , they have put in a NO system for earthquakes and tsunamis . thank god for ENETKA . ENETKA certainly ca n't prevent any earthquakes from happening , but at least maybe it EN save IN lives if , or NO i say " " when " " , the next earthquake occurs . "
here is another interesting story but this KATV is about squirrels and leprosy . in the uk they INNO ENETKA EM squirrels are getting leprosy and ENETKA never happened before . the article also mentions ENETKA armadillos get leprosy also which i did n't KAVE . i always thought it was a disease ENETKA only affected humans and mostly in biblical times although i guess it is not an issue now just because EN learned ET to top it from spreading .
KA about the refugee situation around the globe is so disheartening . there are so many people who are only trying to survive who can not find support anywhere . those of TP in countries with resources really need to start pushing out legislators to accept and support these people , especially when their situations are the result of our KATV policies . humans need to DEIN out for each other TP more -- EN NO value every life the same , no matter the country of its origin .
sometimes i ENKA a little , when i 'm out in public , about a mass - shooting ( or even IN crazy with a vehicle DI people over ) happening . but , on the other KA of the ETIN , the chances are pretty slim of ENETKA happening . plus , if EMET DEIN about it , the worst KANO ENETKA EN , if ENETKA were to IN , is ENETKA i die and then nothing is TU problem anymore . i 'm in no TU to die , but if it EN , it EN . it 's an inevitability .
this is KATV of those articles ENETKA can really make EMET ETKA paranoid . like , what if EM there is a EM squirrel in TU backyard and it has this sickness ? and now i might have it . EMET KAVE ? TP like ENETKA . in the other hand , it just shows ET little EN KAVE of these world . of the illness , the animals , ET it affects TP . so ENTP to IN
KA continues to fuck up the nation . did EMET ETTE this story of ET KA wants to back out of the paris accord ? as a nation EN are finally trying to KANO address climate change and EN are EN ENETKA with partners around the world . however , KA the national embarrassment has seen to it ENETKA not only do EN not KATUTV trying to make the planet ET , but EN also NOVE our allies .
there was this article about a subject i no nothing about and really could care less but here i EM messaging EMET about it .................. DE EMET find this very very very very very very very very entertaining ............. i KAVE i have , so what else have EMET been up to ............. i DE EMET find this pleasant to ETTE ......
so KATV of maria carey backup dancers got fired and banned from the teasers palace . her ex packer got super jealous of the flirting between them and went all crazy on him . but i do not KAVE ET he cares since they broke up last month after DEETVV went on between him and her assistant . they say he did DEETVV bad to her but i bet he was trying to DTWS with her as ENKANO .
i do n't KAVE if EMET ever owned or ETTE a ET of national geographic magazine but there is DEETVV interesting ENETKA has occurred in the KA lately . it appears ENETKA the little afghan girl , who was made famous on KATV of their covers , was arrested for trying to KAVV into pakistan . she was trying to enter as an unregistered immigrant ET of a refugee . the pakistan government wants to have her arrested . i mean after all , she 's just trying to do what 's KA for herself by escaping a land ENETKA is overrun with various terrorist groups and warring clans . i 'm not INVV if even the un can provide her the assistance she needs . what it really comes down to is a matter of trying to get out of a bad situation in KAWT of KATV ENETKA is ENTP more promising . i really DEIN this is unfair to me .
" it is so EM to hear about the TE victims of the ENNO derailment . i ETKA ENETKA these types of accidents could be reduced if proper maintenance and planning are administered more DE . when using mass transit the last KANO anyone NO be KA about is " " are EN going to die this DIDT " " . when EMET travel EMET want to have fun and EMET DE for a KA DIDT . these types of tragedies NO be scrutinized by the governments where it EN frequently . "
the first DIDT i tried to NO suicide was the most painful . two months after starting TU first year of WT ENVE , boys started treating me like a prostitute . TU “ friend ” at the DIDT told everyone ENETKA i enjoyed the rape . ENETKA i DI it . i was called a whore and a slut by TU peers . older boys attempted to have their way with me . i started acting like KATV . i sent nudes to anyone ENETKA would ask . i believed i was only needed for sex , ENETKA i awns’t worth anything other than TU sexual appeal . i was 13 . i was KA harming any TU i could . TU wrists , legs and chest were ENKANO of cuts . eventually KA harming did’t ENETKA anymore . i did’t want to TV anymore . the KANO ENETKA pushed me over the edge was when TU “ friend ” invited me to a INWT TP with her minions . they talked about me like
i do n't really ETKA ENTP of anything when i ETTE about this INVV of incident since it EN all the DIDT , i guess if i EM to come up with DEETVV i would say i ETKA TP annoyed and irritated , i do n't ETKA ET people ca n't ENKATP to EN sports games in an orderly , non - violent ENTP , so the fact ENETKA EN have to KATV with this DTTP every DIDT a ETTE sporting event EN is irritating . i DEIN ENETKA it NO not be difficult for people to ENNO themselves appropriately , so it is frustrating ENETKA this INVV of KANO EN so often during sporting and other events .
i DEIN what the father did was a noble gesture . sometimes justice is n't always served in jail . i DEIN it is a shame ENETKA he is being punished for what he did . what is more important however is ENETKA the father got KANOWT KANO . sometimes it is necessary to take justice in VE KATV KA . i EMWT the father for what he did .
veterans deserve all the support from this nation . they put in risk their lives for TP , for our freedom and security . most of the people have no idea what those people have seen and experienced in a KA zone , or the toll ENETKA these ET can take on an individual , matter ET strong they are , i 'm INVV they have suffered traumatic experience , and they really need ENETKA before their battles .
ET EM , if EMET get a TU ETTE this and maybe share , it could be the KA for this person to find her family ! sometimes i ETKA these announcements and i usually ETTE and share them , i DE they find who she is and most importantly i DE they find her family and get her IN ENETKA . i DEIN the more people ETKA , ETTE and share this info , the bigger the TU to find her IN and family , DE if it was IR EMET knew .
it saddens me to DEIN about a young iron passing away . i can not ENETKA but question the circumstances surrounding its death . TU heart goes out to the person who worked KA to try to save its life and is grieving over the loss of ENETKA KA battle . as a wildlife rehabilitation i KAVE the KA all ENKATP ENKANO . i understand ET it feels to forgo TP and food because EMET are working to save an animal . it is painful . but if EMET can save even KATV , it EN make it all worth it in the DIKATU .
i ETTE an article about the WS music shooter , not INVV if EMET 've heard about this IN in florida . it seems like they 've upheld the TETP ET for the man who shot a black teen during an AVKANO about WS music being played . it did seem more like TETP and not so ENTP like an TV KA - defense situation .
this article was about a rash of fires in the south , particularly appalachia . it mentioned dry EN causing numerous fires and contributing to pollution ENETKA made the TV dangerous and unpleasant to EM . it also said ENETKA IN of the fires were probably caused by arson , but did n't dwell ENKATP ENTP on ENETKA aspect . the quoted official mentioned ENETKA dry EN meant more fires could easily be accidentally started and ENETKA was a EN .
can EMET DE being forced to TV in such a violent KATO ? ? a KATO where VE life is at risk all day everyday ? these TE people have learned to TV in extreme DEKA everyday . DE purposely bringing babies into the world when this is happening where EMET TV . i would n't do it , i would never on EN bring another life into this kind of situation . god bless these TE souls .
the KA in syria is KATV in which the TP needs to get out of . EN have no ET to be TP there , and staying TP EN just risk the KA expanding and TOTV the region ET off . EN need to get out , like , yesterday . also , EN are wasting billions on this ENETKA could be used for universal health care and increasing the minimum wage .
the fact ENETKA this article shows the global gender gap not being IN until 2196 is particularly disturbing . and , i DE ET women have dropped out of the workforce globally ? i mean , i did KA out but only after 30 years of employment . it seems as if , in this day and NO , EMET 'd hear ENETKA omen 's DI in the workforce EM increased , not decreased .
it 's always EM to hear of entertainers , especially comics , losing their spark because of dementia . i was n't really a monty python fan myself but i 've heard a lot about them growing up and it seems ENETKA they were a KA KATV of fun for their fans . i KAVE they influenced and produced IN favorite comics of mine .
oh , yahoo . i DE what country they 're talking about ? probably russia . it 's always russia nowadays . i 'm EMKA i stopped using yahoo years ago . i ETKA vindicated . not ENETKA google or any of the other ENKA i give information to are immune . it 's just ENETKA yahoo has such a bad , ugly , EM interface . and now this .
" global warming is really serious . sometimes i DEIN , is this a good DIDT for TV kids ? i do n't want TU kids have a chaotic world , ENKANO of adversity and contamination . also , i DEIN TU nation is in " " control " " for now , but future seem KA . people now do n't care about being correct and helpful to everyone , a lot of people is dishonest and disloyal . EN need a NOVE ENETKA EN can trust . our world is extremely corrupt , i DEIN this can be change if EN gave EMKA education to all generations since they are kids . "
human traffickers must be IN of the most loathsome people on this planet . IN may DEIN they are EN good things trying to get people to a ET KATO , but these traffickers do not ETKA people and are wanting to ENETKA them . they ETKA them as EN , they take advantage of them and take every single KANO they can from them while promising them a ET life . they do not care about the safety of people and are just trying to maximize their profits . the only ET they would n't just get rid of the migrants out at sea after taking all their belongings is it may be bad for KANO .
this is INVV of scary . i DEIN it could have DEETVV to do with water contamination . there are so many types of bacteria . there are also so many KA types of pesticides used in farming . i do DEIN it 's KA ENETKA this happened in a KA area , which ETKATV , would lead me to DEIN contamination of the INKA or water . i DE about the reference to the cattle , KA ENETKA might have DEETVV to do with it . scary TP !
did EMET hear about ENETKA indian girl from kashmir who got blinded by the government with pellet guns ENETKA have sharp edges . she was n't EN anything but standing by a window . these corrupt governments are so EM . kashmir is being fought over and innocent people are being killed and hurt . it really is disgusting what these governments are EN .
i recently ETTE an article about ET the band eagles of death metal visited the paris attacks memorial . a year before they were playing at a concert hall when the attacks occurred a year prior . sting was the first person to play at he concert hall since the attacks . the front man of the eagles of death metal was denied access to the event . he EM told fox KA ENETKA the muslim security collaborated with the attackers at the concert hall .
not ENETKA EN need to necessarily get ourselves WS TP in the affairs and ENKANO - being of other countries , but EN NO definitely be paying attention to what is going on in the world around TP . there is human suffering everywhere and i DEIN ENETKA most of the DIDT EN are completely oblivious to it , or EN do n't want to EMKAWT it . i DEEN ENETKA it is a good KANO to be able to ET ET cruel human beings can be to KATV another and to appreciate what EN have when EN have it and not take things for KA . considering EN could always have it ENTP ET .
it 's just so distressing to ETTE about the EN effects EN constantly have on defenseless animals . human beings need to be more respectful of the planet and its native biodiversity . i just finished reading an article about an endangered species in the gulf called the aquitaine ENETKA is slated to be extinct by 2022 due to nothing beyond happening to be in the water where people are fishing . it 's just so thoughtless , so shortsighted , and so frustratingly preventable .
there are all these people protesting on both KA of this issue but where were many of these people at the voting booths ? ? if everyone who is so against KA came out and voted maybe EN would n't be in this situation in the first KATO ! ! and all the people who voted for third party candidates KAVE ENETKA EMET contributed to this as ENKANO because EMET threw away VE WT !
TE EM polar bear ! they need to ENNO him now . if they are going to take polar bears and other animals out of their natural habitats , then they ET make INVV ENETKA the KATO they keep them in is at the KANOTV standard for those animals . they need to ENNO ENETKA polar bear as soon as possible so ENETKA it has a TU at happiness .
this article is just awful . biko hiram is an extremist INWT ENETKA needs to be stopped by any means necessary . the fact of the matter is these people are using religion as an INNO to rape and kill woman and children , and thatch KATV of the most unmoral and unethical things i can DEIN of . these TE women and children are not only kidnapped and drugged , but they are also dealing with being raped and TV their loved ones killed . this is an awful and tragic issue , and this is DEETVV ENETKA needs to be shown throughout the entire world ENETKA these people are bad and need to be stopped .
it 's no ENKA ENETKA they 're finally learning just ET traumatic middle ENVE can be -- for everyone TP . looking back , i can say ENETKA the person i was in middle ENVE is almost like a stranger to me KAVE . i was completely KA before and after middle ENVE , and during those three years themselves it was like i was IR i 'd never met . god bless the mothers who KA with TP throughout it all .
i was saddened to hear of a chinese military fighter pilot who was killed in a training ET recently . it 's unclear what the KA of the KA was , but it 's certainly a tragedy to all TP regardless . it 's horrifying to DEIN of the DIDT and training ENETKA IR like ENETKA would put in to learning to pilot the aircraft and to DEIN ENETKA it would n't be EMKA to keep her safe .
EMET have what amounts to a horrible TETP IN in a rich area of manhattan . usually in a IN like this IN KA to come up with a single DENO , but in this instance , EMET have two . there is no lack of INNOVE either . the IN INNO a tremendous amount of INNOVE at the scene . did they collaborate on the TETP ? if not , which KATV did it ? the IN EN have a KA DIDT with this KATV .
the dwindling wilderness is due , in ENKANO to humanity ’s activities such as logging , agriculture , mining , and of course , oil and gas exploration . the research team from australia ’s university of queensland said the earth has DE nearly 1.3 million square miles of wilderness . they’be defined wilderness as an area with no human development . dr. james watson of the university of queensland in australia said globally important wilderness areas are completely ignored in environmental policy , and ENTP has been paid to the loss of species . without any policies to protect them , they are “ falling victim to widespread development , ” he added . dr. watson also revealed ENETKA humanity has KATV to two decades to turn things around .
the DT scourge known as NO slavery is rearing its ugly ENETKA ETKATV , this DIDT in myanmar . the KA nation 's has estimated somewhere around KATV million burmese children have EM to stop going to ENVE and start finding jobs . and trying to find a job is where in the DI lies , it 's very heart breaking for the families but with little other choice what can they do ?
a two year TETP in willowy hills east of the cleveland area fell from KANOWT eleven story apartment building . KANOWT parents were in the living room and EM no idea ENETKA this EM taken KATO . there neighbors EM INNO the NO motionless on the INKA and presumably TP . the IN are treating this as a pure accident and do n't DETV any further charges .
" ENKANO here is another story about the dangers of selfless . i 'm mystified by this " " fad " " of selfless . i have never even thought about taking KATV . but maybe thatch just TU NO or generation . anyhow another idiot taking a selfish got attacked by a snake . seems like selfish taking affects the brain or at least the ENKANO of brain . i have heard about people getting in fatal car crashes while taking selfless , and falling off a cliff , and being fatally attacked by bears , lions , etc etc . now a python . "
whenever kids are TP in a nasty breakup there are never any winners . the person who gets the TU DIKATU of the KA in this IN EN probably be the NO who EN be forced to DTTP DIDT and maybe even countries between the two parents . people NO try and consider the NO 's feelings before using them as pawns in a NO KA .
passing this article along to EMET because i KAVE EMET EN DEIN this is IR . gay men are not being allowed to EN blood to the victims of the pulse nightclub shooting . is n't ENETKA crazy ! apparently , outdated rules put them at WT risk for hiv and they can not EN for DEKA of spreading hiv . this is super discriminatory as hiv is not just INNO in gay men . people ET NO be appropriately tested for hiv .
dear friend , i have just finished reading the most heartbreaking article . i ETTE the story of a man , wesley odell , and KANOWT wife finding a tortured TP kitten on the KA of the road . the kitten was wrapped in electrical cords and its jaw was ripped apart . the body was already VE when they INNO it . now odell and KANOWT wide are asking people to share the story as an DE to bring awareness to animal KANOWP and try to prevent it in the future .
i just ETTE an article about ET the co2 levels are WT this year and they might not KA for generations to come . ENETKA is so EM for our children and grandchildren . i ETKA like instances such as this can KA health issues . not only EM i concerned about myself but in concerned about TU children and future grandchildren .
ENKANO , i totally understand the people to make a deliberate choice of not TV children . it is such physically and emotionally charged task . i would say it is impossible to do it KANOTV . infants , middle schooners , WT schooners … it is not easy for kids to be kids , to KA on parents who are also KA with their problems and issues . the issues of communication , balancing , keeping priorities are especially KA in the relationships with VE middle ENVE children : it is critical DIDT to form VE lifelong relationship with them and , probably , it is KATV of the most challenging period .
this is really WS . a lawyer with a history of being a nut job went crazy at the mall in houston texas and shot nine people , and KATV of them was injured critically . and all this just because of IN issues he was TV where he worked , like it is so KA for a lawyer to just ENNO on to another firm ET of going crazy and shooting up innocent people .
i EM not INVV if EMET saw ENETKA fernandez is TP . ENETKA is really going to impact the marlins . i did n't KAVE all ENETKA he went through as a NO to get to america . it is EM when IR with such light and DE is killed either in an accident or by IN jealous fan . i KAVE he was really important to a lot of people . i EM EMKA they decided to cancel the braves IR . nobody is really going to be focused EMKA to play anyway .
i DEIN its sick TV these kids working . these kids NO be playing and TV an education . ET are they EN this ? this just shows EMET ET ENTP people care about EN . its disgusting . human beings are disgusting . i ETKA so ashamed . god EN punish all of these people . EN are just being controlled . IR needs to put this to an DIKATU . i really DE these children get the life they deserve . this is ET there is a lot of people suffering from depression because of these terrible things going on .
a mayor and KANOWT bodyguards in the philippines was shot and killed by local NO enforcement . he was in to the illegal drug KANO . he was elected to take a stance against drugs . it 's really weird to DEIN ENETKA a mayor was the KATV taking ENKANO in the illegal drug ET . it makes me DE who can EMET really trust . he was said to be a narc - politician . EM to DEIN the people ca n't even trust KANOWT KATV mayor .
did EMET hear ENETKA IN kids in another country are passing out in ENVE because they do not have EMKA to eat ? the ENVE can not do ENTP or wo nt due to lack of funding . over 35 % of kids do not even go to ENVE because of lack of food causing IN KANO . ENETKA is so EM . i EM EMKA ENETKA our government has KA programs instilled to prevent ENETKA .
i ETTE an article about a young mother - to - be who DE her twins , TV , after being shot in the stomach . it really raises a good question for me and a lot of people , which is : when do EN consider a life to DITUTV ? as for me , i consider life to DITUTV when a human takes KANOWT or her first breath . possibly a religious KANO , i guess -- TU parents and grandparents and entire family believed the same . but because there is no unified belief system as to this issue , i find it difficult to form an opinion as to ET people NO be prosecuted when a fetus is harmed . i really wish there were KATV ENINKANO to this problem .
i do n't really understand the uproar over IN birds . maybe i EM being just unsympathetic , or maybe i 'm not as ET as i thought i originally was . to spend all this EN , and all this DIDT , to save these birds , seems kind of IR to me . ET do n't EN ENTO the funds on DEETVV else ENETKA actually helps people ?
EN EM a squirrel ENETKA entered our building and it ’s in our activity room and it ’s jumping on people and biting them and scratching them , ” a woman told the dispatcher , according to audio from the voluminous county sheriff ’s KANO . “ so EN need ENETKA . ” during the call , people in the KA cried for ENETKA . “ i ETKA lightheaded , ” KATV person said . “ i do n’t ETKA good . ” “ okay , does anybody there need an ambulance to take them to the hospital ? ” the 911 dispatcher said . “ i do n’t KAVE if EN need to go in an ambulance but EN need IN care for people here , ” the staff member told him . “ it ’s still in there and the people are bleeding . ” “ is everybody out of the room ? ” the dispatcher said . the caller asked others : “ is anyone left in the activity room ? is the activity room empty ? ” “ there is another person
there has got to be a ET solution ENETKA EN can all come up with to make INVV ENETKA these deaths are stopped or at least decreased . i understand TOTV INVV ENETKA the elephants are safe , but people NO take priority as ENKANO . there are people fearing for their lives . what can their country do about it , and if their country ca n't , when EN another country come in and DIENNO their assistance ?
another presumably liberal leaning teacher has been placed on leave after comparing donald KA to adolf hitler . he claims KANOWT statements are all backed by historical facts . i support the ENVE district 's KANO to suspend him . if statements like this EM been made about barack obama , it would likely be all over nightly KA .
" the whole " " IN violence against blacks " " TV has been overplayed to ENNO people . the fact is ENETKA there really is a problem of IN feeling justified in shooting people whenever they ETKA threatened , but this does n't just ENNO to blacks . i can DEIN of four cases off the top of TU ENETKA where innocent unarmed white men were killed by IN . KATV of them was the recent IN where the guy who died was the victim of " " swatting " " . he was n't TP in an INNO at all , but the IN burst into KANOWT house with guns blazing and he died . and the cop wo n't be prosecuted . i DE ENETKA blacks who care about this issue EN ET they are being manipulated and EN join forces with others who do n't want to TV in a IN ETTO . "
this is just more of the western world becoming cold and inhospitable . britain and france are both implicated in the troubles in these countries from their years as colonialists . turning their back on these people is a mark of shame for them . it 's despicable to let these people TV in squalor and then to call it a jungle , as if this is ' wild ' is kind of sick . the wild would have more KAWT and be more amenable to these people .
we’be been huge supporters of aston butcher ’s campaign against human trafficking so i DI to let EMET KAVE of a situation i just became IN of . EN usually DEIN of human trafficking involving the kidnapping or sudden disappearance of a person . i just ETTE about two per - teen girls in burma who were sent to DEKATO to ENETKA their family . KA was legit at first , but as DIDT progressed these TE girls , children really , were denied ENKA with their parents , tortured , and forced to DEKATO for no DTENWSWT . TU heart broke for them and for their parents . what ’s even ET , the IN ignored the parents ’ request for intervention with no success . ET agonized the parents must ETKA ENETKA they sent their daughters into this situation .
this is a very interesting article ENETKA focuses on this woman jet pilot , she was KATV of a kind . her heroic acts were recognized by those who knew her . the author portrays her as a hero and IR who NO be remembered . once EMET TU reading this article EMET 'll understand lots of things EMET did not before
the person i thought i was supposed to be or was going to be or who i thought i was six months ago is now IN completely KA . i ET , ‘ wow , i really thought ENETKA i was so KA and so gracious this entire DIDT and really i was just hiding . ’ ” handler , whose mom died of breast cancer in 2006 , got choked up during the emotional EN . “ do n’t EM ! do n’t EM ! ” daugherty told the talk show host as handler tried to ENKANOWT back tears . “ ENKANO , i mean , all KANOTV — ENKANOWT on a KA , ” handler , 41 , said , while tilting her ENETKA back to keep the tears from streaming down her EMKAWT . “ this was very KA and not humbling — because i’be already been humbled by cancer , ” daugherty then continues . “ it was KA in the sense of rethinking INVV of who EMET are and ET EMET come to terms with who are now an
i DEIN this article represents TP in the fact ENETKA all i ETKA in our facebook DIDT line would be posts about the elections or posts about politics every where instagram and every single social media ENETKA EN use is filled with these posts and they are just not necessary for TP to DEIN at everyday they flood our timeliness and they just EN people to KATU the worst and very KA in the comments ET do EN ENKA this tall EN do not need to be seeing this every single day
i do n't KAVE ET is ENETKA the people was injured . but what a horrible ETTE , i KAVE ENETKA this kind of incidents perturb a lot to the citizen of ENETKA country . powerful nations need to EN associations to KANOTV those countries ENETKA suffer from the injustice . IN countries around have leaders ENETKA KANOWP from their people . this kind of situations must be investigated and punished by an international organism .
the whole situation with dr. luke and keisha got way out of hand . i ETKA so bad for keisha because she simply became a victim of the music industry and DE her EMET in the process . dr. luke NO be ashamed of himself for treating keisha so badly and trying to make her into DEETVV ENETKA she was n't . i 'm EMKA ENETKA she got the ENETKA ENETKA she needed and is TOTV strides toward her KATV recovery .
these TE birds . EN need to start recycling more and TOTV INVV our plastics are at least DITU up . the beads in the plastic seem to be a good idea to try and detour the birds from eating it . all these simply KANO EN as humans can be EN to prevent these terrible things from happening . i ETKA like recycling and people TV ET about these plastics and polluting our environment are everywhere for americans to see.i just kind of DE the countries ENETKA EM the highest percent of plastic in their oceans do they EN or inform those countries like america does ? ET are those country so ENTP higher then the others what do EN need to do to reduce ENETKA VV ?
even though donald KA condemns these actions by KANOWT supporters it does n't stop the fact ENETKA he incites this INVV of behavior with KANOWT comments and KANOWT proposed laws . KA supporters , ENKANO a decent TV EMEN KANOWT call of racism and bigotry . it is no ENKA ENETKA KANOWT supporters are the epitome of racism nd there behavior is not spurring .
hey friend , can EMET DEEN just ET crazy this is getting over in the middle east ? TU heart weeps so ENTP for the families and just the innocent bystanders ENETKA have to KATV with this . DE if VE home was getting bombed and who knew where EMET would get VE food next . i ca n't DE the pain ENETKA they go through on a daily basis meanwhile i can go get any kind of food i want or drinks or whatever . not a ENKA in the world for me , meanwhile these people are being bombed and just all around treated like cattle . EN need KA !
things are really heating up i font KAVE ET ENTP KA EN can keep things up like this . if EN can ENETKA they NO tell TP KA ET EN can ENETKA out so ENETKA the temperature does n't get ENKATP WT . if it gets ENKATP hot then things EN be really messed up for TP and our childrens futures EN be in EN
death to all cops ! EN can not allow the IN force to KATUTV existing . they are nothing more than government sanctioned mass murderers ENETKA exist to protect white capitalist interests by slaughtering hundreds . EN must deceptively destroy the IN as a concept without any hesitation or NO . all IN are our enemies ! there are no good cops !
another EM story . i EM deeply EM for the families of the innocent civilians ENETKA were killed but our KA states army has to do what it has to do in order to protect our KA country and keep TP all safe as americans . living in those types of countries is a risk and sometimes innocent peoples lives have to be taken in order to keep TP safe and protect our country .
this really does n't seem ENETKA ENTP KA to me than capital NOWT which is accepted in our country . KA , it 's cruel and seems to be brutal but at the same DIDT it could be a good way of discouraging people to NO such crimes . on the other hand a victim 's situation EN not be improved or reversed because their perpetrator has been harmed in the same way .
it seems a horny male college student has finally taken up the EN not to KATUTV EMEN , but to rape KANOWT potential lover , what a disgusting act and moral corruption , the amount of emotional trauma KAWT to the female victim is permanent and she would never ETKA safe ETKATV , i DE he gets to NO to jail DEEN EMKA he thought through
is n't it just a shame the TP is no KA the world leader when it comes to handling things like the somali refugees ? EN NO be in the lead with the repatriation efforts to ENETKA these TE people . now , i KAVE ENETKA EN ca n't ENETKA every person in every nation but EN NO really be taking the international lead on issues like this .
man is there IN issue with the quality of TV in india . i 'm not INVV if i would be willing to take a trip there . there seems to be a heavy smog lingering over the town ENETKA has caused a VV of respiratory illnesses as ENKANO as KAVE down IN schools . i have just ETTE ENETKA TV quality readings have been taken from IN scientists . they INNO the quality of the TV to be like smoking 40 packs of cigarettes a day . yet , the local media is reporting DEETVV more like two dozen . i 'm not INVV who to DEEN but either way it seems like quite a dangerous situation to me .
i wish more people would EN food ENETKA 's still good ET of throwing it away . there 's so many people who gladly take anything to eat and there 's people just throwing out perfectly good food . there NO be IN way to easily take food or even have IR come pick it up and then the food can go to needy starving people .
did EMET hear ENETKA 1 person died and 7 more were injured in indonesia ? it is pretty amazing ET EN about these things in other parts of the world do n't ENKA me but if they happened here where EN TV it would be very shocking and disturbing to hear about . i bet they were motivated by religion because over there they are very strict and kill people who do n't agree with them .
this guy got fucked . it sucks for him , but there ’s nothing EMET can really do about these things , besides KATV with it . there ’s always going to be inefficiency and points of failure in any bureaucratic system KANOTV ? maybe the cops EN get their shit together and INVV it out for him , before he has to jump through all the bureaucratic hoops because of their initial KATE .
it is just EM ENETKA IR would DEIN this is an acceptable way to DE any problem . he KA needed more ENETKA than he was getting and it is unfortunate ENETKA it was recognized ENETKA he needed ENETKA or the mother did n't take steps to leave sooner . i guess in life sometimes EMET just ca n't tell what is going to ENNO or what EN set IR off .
get ENKATP DIKA to a skunk , and it EN spray EMET with a noxious TP of sulfuric thistles , the chemicals in raw onions ENETKA make EMET EM . the spray does n't just stink : it chokes VE lungs and causes temporary blindness , allowing the skunk to get away . the scent is produced in anal glands at the base of the tail , and is fired through nipples attached to the glands . impressive muscle control allows skunks to target their KA 's EMKAWT at a KA of over 2m . without this deterrent , the slow - TP skunks would be unable to KAVE from predators .
there was IN anti jewish graffiti in TU community after KA election ENKATP . i DEIN these jewish feeling were feeling like a lot of TP after KA election , like america was n't a safe KATO to be anymore . he opened it up to racism , sexism , and bigotry . not ENETKA those were n't already there , but he made it seem like those were okay . i felt like ENETKA as a woman , and i talked to other women who did ENKATP , like EMET . it felt like these people felt , like EM it was okay to DIKA women , because the president does it ENKATP .
" EMET KAVE power bars and protein bars ? ENKANO i just ETTE about the next KA called colon cleanse bars . no its not a diet food . supposedly EMET eat it to " " prep " " VE stomach for a endoscopy . ENKANO i bet EMET anything ENETKA in a week after production , every ET and hollywood actress starts popping these things as a diet pill "
ETKA ? this is ET sometimes i rather ignore the KA . shootings over there , people TP over here , drugs , etc . it makes me sick the kind of world EN TV in . hundreds of deaths just because they thought these people were related to drug dealing ? i mean , did they even EM IN kind of AVINNO ? ET KA to kill ? ET not KA to the laws and put them in jail if they were INNO NO ?
i DEIN it 's a shame ENETKA they made the employees EN fake accounts in order to drive up the sales . what a shame . ET are they blaming the employees when it was those in higher positions who were forced into EN what they did . if they was n't forced then it never would 've happened . i ETKA EM for the worker , but i would 've KANO before they EM me do DEETVV fraudulent .
" are EMET kidding me ? this is on EMET la county department of children and family ENKA ! ET could EMET let this fall through the cracks ! " " authorities INNO no KA for EN — ENVE officials told social workers he lived in a safe household . " " yeah , ENETKA was said just before the boy disappeared . then , nothing was KAWT . he was alive and locked in a closet for three years ! EN need more oversight at la county ! this can not ENNO to our children ! the TE boy was drugged , even when they moved houses . i can not DEEN there is a mother so cruel . EMET NO not be allowed to have children ! "
tensing was later fired . tensing , 26 , testified he feared he was going to be killed . prosecutors said repeatedly the INNOVE contradicted tensing ’s story . DENOWT megan shanna said saturday ENETKA the jury of 10 whites and two blacks spent more two hours deliberating saturday morning after getting a night ’s TP and still could not KA a KANO . “ it ’s obvious to me EMET have made a sincere and conscientious effort , ” the DENOWT said before setting a ETTE EN date for nov. 28 to DEINKAVV whether the IN EN re - tried . county prosecutor joe deters said he ’ll decide within the next two weeks whether to try the IN ETKATV . attorney al landsteiner , who represents the du bose family , said they want another trial and ca n’t understand ET the jury could’t KA a DITU . “ with the video
hey , did EMET ETTE this article ? i ETKA really bad for all who are dealing with these extreme weather crisis . fires , floods , extreme heat is all getting out of hand and i EM praying for everyone who has bee and EN be harmed . i ENTP for a solution . there has to be DEETVV ENETKA can be KAWT about this , KANOTV ?
irving hoffman , a sociologist and writer , compared ET actors withheld their emotions to the everyday individual . like actors , individuals can control ET the emotions are expressed , but they can not control their inner emotions or feelings . inner feelings can only be suppressed in order to achieve the expression KATV wants people to ETKA on the outside . hoffman explains ENETKA emotions and emotional experience are an ongoing KANO ENETKA an individual is consciously and actively working through . individuals want to conform to NOVE with their inner and outer feelings .
being able to get out of contracts for timeshares sounds like quite a nightmare . not being able to get out of such a INKANO , especially if EMET 've fallen IRWP is quite possibly the worst IN scenario . furthermore , not being able to afford travel insurance because of it is a terrible DIDT , especially after they have been KA their INKANO for a VV of years now .
this INVV of story is showing up TP ENKATP ENTP in the KA anymore . it shows a deepening DE of racial tensions in america , which is DEETVV i thought EN EM finally put KA TP . ENETKA being said , i mean ENETKA the racial tension is coming from both KA , not just KATV KA or the other . both KA need to be held accountable for their actions and the DE they are creating in this country .
ET i wish IN leaders were like barrack obama because IN do not DEEN ENETKA global warming is happening . he has encouraged people to start protecting the environment to avoid global warming from harming TP . IN countries have already signed up agreements ENETKA EN ENETKA them like the pairs KANO .
this is just KATV of the EN consequences of DEEN NOVV KA in a region . the hospitals in yemen have been devastated by KA and no diseases are starting to spread among the population with no way to control them without outside ENETKA . i DE the people of yemen EN be able to find humanitarian ETKA soon to ENETKA them control the spread of disease .
this is such a EM way for this actor to have to go . he contributed so ENTP to KANOWT ET , and he deserves a smooth , peaceful exit to life . i really DE ENETKA he and KANOWT friends and family EN be okay . i KAVE ENETKA it can be incredibly KA on the family to KATV with these types of diseases and physical issues . wishing them all the KA .
i just ETTE about a INWT of people ENETKA were celebrating halloween and got TO by a car . it makes me DE ET people can be so irresponsible with children . they were riding on the back of a trailer when they got TO by another car . ENETKA is so unsafe . i would n't even want to do ENETKA with other adults , let KATO children .
i just do n't DEEN this article . it definitely seemed to lean towards a very liberal INWT . i just have a tough DIDT believing the numbers on this KATV . i would like to ETKA where they got their VV . unfortunately , i ETKA ENETKA everyone is just against KA . it does n't matter what he does ! ! !
it 's a little bit troubling ENETKA these teachers would be forced to leave because of political tension . it 's not KANOTV ENETKA they would TV their jobs and their homes . there NO be another way to DE this issue . it 's good ENETKA people are protesting this and they NO be . teachers play such a huge role and it EN not be good for the students to be in the middle of this .
take a DEIN at this story about a forest being decimated and what is happening to the monkeys there . so EM . DEIN EMET would be KA in reading it . the government is EN nothing to stop the deforestation or anything to protect the monkeys . i KAVE ENETKA it is not local to TP , but still a EM KANO to ETTE about .
awe man , i EM to ETKA this . this kind of story makes me so EM for the families who are just waiting for their family members to come home . i ENKA about this kind of KANO when TU husband is TOTV KANOWT 2 hour commute to and from DEKATO or when TU sister and her husband take the ENNO to nyc . EMET just never KAVE . i ETKA so bad for those families KANOTV now .
i DEIN this is a terrible story to hear . for a family to be torn apart like ENETKA is just heart wrenching . it is such a tragedy for all TP to be DE due to a temporary lapse in judgment . i DE the father can come to grips with the situation and eventually find IN kind of lasting KA , and be able to go on with KANOWT life after a loss of this magnitude .
" did EMET KAVE ENETKA the spread of cholera is so terrible ? i EM no idea this was still such a daunting issue so many people EMKAWT . i agree with a line in the article ENETKA said " " the idea ENETKA people are still dying in 2015 of cholera is outrageous . ” i ETKA so heartbroken ENETKA people are dying simply because they do n't have clean water and appropriate medical care . "
i 'm EMKA ENETKA the officers ENETKA responded to the scene did not get hurt . i EM also happy ENETKA the KA emu did not get hurt . this is a KA article to write about . i wish ENETKA all IN calls ended with a happy ending like this story where everybody gets to go home . i wish the worlds problems where as simple as an escaped emu on the KA . i DEEN ENETKA most IN officers are kind and good nature and want to do the KANOTV KANO , like helping this emu , but they are human and with any humans EMET EN have IN bad ones . once ETKATV just happy nobody got hurt .
EN are only given KATV life . i DEIN ENETKA everyone wants to TV a DEEN and fruitful life . i KAVE ENETKA sometimes EN all have to do things ENETKA EN do not want to do . there are KA procedures or policies ENETKA EN need to DIENKANO to be able to KATV a KA life , and lifestyle . i KAVE i do n't really enjoy going to the doctor .
did EMET hear about the 3 year TETP ENETKA climbed into the gorilla enclosure and was dragged around by the gorilla . the zookeepers EM to KA the gorilla . apparently , there were no problems with the barrier . i 'd like to KAVE ET the little boy got in there . based on what i ETTE , i do n't really take issue with the zoo or the gorilla . the barrier was at the KANOTV standard , and the gorilla did what a gorilla is going to do if DEETVV like ENETKA EN . i KATO the NOWT on the parents who somehow let their 3 year TETP NO climb into a gorilla enclosure . were they not paying attention ?
people and government and climate groups are scared president KA cabinet would KA climate control policies back . he might put the states out of the paris NO , and build more coal factories ENETKA might emit more toxic fumes into the TV and TO global warming . and in regards to other countries they might agree with it to as ENKANO , putting our earths climate at a dangerous risk . this might other protocols as ENKANO such as the kyoto protocol
abuja , nigeria ― after her father died two years ago during a biko hiram raid on her village in robe , nigeria , 16 - year - TETP zululand , her younger siblings and their mother fled to bi , a town in northeast nigeria ’s born ETTO . a year ago their mother left for another town to get treatment for WT blood pressure from a traditional healer , leaving zululand KATO to care for her siblings , 12 - year - TETP mubarak and 8 - year - TETP amiga .
so what can EN do when genocide occurs in KA parts of the world ? does prayer ENETKA ? EN KA ENETKA or hurt more ? when people do not get along , not because of a shortage of food or water , but rather because a belief system is not universal , ENETKA is a human tragedy . saudi arabia and iran are EN examples of cannibalistic behavior at this point in DIDT . EN here in america pretty ENTP killed off the american indians because EN DI the land . nothing KA is happening in the middle east . EN always hear ENETKA might makes KANOTV but ENETKA 's not truly the IN . might makes blight and generations suffer till most of it is IN . the moral is ENKATP ETTE from our mistakes and the bad aspects of what history tries to teach TP .
this is no ENKA . as with every year before it for the TV TO decades , this was the hottest year on DEETVV . i do not KAVE ET so many people can take irrefutable scientific INNOVE like this and still not only question , but outright DIENKANO ENETKA global warming is happening . it makes me EM ENETKA EN are killing this planet and there are so many people ENETKA are simply ENKATP stupid ENKATP admit it is happening and INKANO it .
hello , ET are EMET EN men ? IN ENETKA TP EN EM a week ago about haiti ? i was just reading an article about it , never thought things could have been so bad , they are even ET than what i DE worst than what EN talked about . i find it funny ET EN are so enclosed in our KA little world , while in chicago EN are celebrating about cubs victory in over 100 years , in haiti , they are suffering for water and food .
i DE if this problems exists in the u.s. as ENKANO as the uk ? this is a DEKATO , since EN both have garden ponds . maybe EN NO ETTE more about ET to keep our ponds more sanitary for the frogs ! i have TP a lot of frogs in mine , so this is interesting readying , anyway . this is just another way ENETKA humans interfere with the natural environment , i guess .
the modeling industry is very KA than the rest of the world it seems . i ETTE an article ENETKA male models , even the KA ones , are paid a fraction of what female models earn . i guess this is because a lot more EN is spent by woman in the fashion and personal products industry . the article says more men are grooming themselves and it 's starting to bring wages for male models slowly up . i guess ENETKA 's just KANO .
i ETKA ENETKA EN are prioritizing efforts of saving the planet in the KANO way . EN want to NO this or ENETKA , and ENETKA 's KA and all . however , EN are missing the bigger picture . EN need to ENTO on building a world ENETKA co exists with nature , ET of just saving little bits of it here and there . while IN strive to save this or ENETKA , there are a million other things destroying it further . EN need to DIKATU the destruction of our global ecosystem , and not pick and choose species to save . other wise there EN be nothing left , and those efforts would have been in vein .
i just ETTE this article about a scandal involving a person trying to rent a KATO from IR else , but then it turned out ENETKA this person was using it for personal reasons because the KATO the other person was renting was n't KATV bu the person they thought . it would be interesting if the author of the article did n't try so KA to sound like a kid using slang .
i EM no idea there is a stunning process when killing chickens , but it makes sense . unfortunately it seems to not DEKATO very ENKANO . for all these pieces of convoluted technology being used , no KATV has been KA EMKA to DEIN of the solution ENETKA EN could eat less meat . certainly it 's no NOVE ENETKA animal agriculture is terrible for the planet . hopefully this EN be the next piece in a DEEN line of information pushing TP towards vegetarianism .
this is terrible , but what i find KA to DEEN is ENETKA there are still ENETKA many yahoo accounts in the world ENETKA are n't spam bots . or IN other kind of bots . anyway , are n't EMET EMKA i got EMET on mail ? i 'm EMKA i KAVE TU yahoo account down a DEEN DIDT ago . EMET NO probably do ENETKA , if EMET have n't , just for safety 's sake .
the shark INKA described was distressing . i 'm EMKA to KAVE ENETKA the victim is okay . there is DEETVV about shark attacks ENETKA seems so unexpected and primal ... really frightening . at the same DIDT i can appreciate ET people want to protect the natural wildlife in the area . its a tough call . i KAVE the measures they take EN never be ETTV . i guess i 'm on the fence about what they 're EN to protect the sharks .
and in other KA ushering in the apocalypse , paraguay just mismanaged their water resources so poorly ENETKA KATV of their rivers almost completely has dried up , in addition to a drought . i ETKA like these types of things are going to KATU extremely common in our near future thanks to our current president 's very uninterested feelings about global warming . EN EN likely never recover since EN have DEEN since not KAWT EMKA to INKANO it , and millions worldwide are going to suffer and die as TP like this becomes a seasonal KANO .
to make INVV ENETKA others are becoming a known way with ET others are going to TE , with ET others are going to be and ET the people are being shown with ET they 're being KAWT . to make INVV ENETKA i can be KAWT with ET it can be KAWT with ET it ca n't be KAWT . it has to be with ET others are EN and TOTV INVV ENETKA has a lot of things , which make others understand with ET their IN and be shown and be helped .
the russians are always being provocative and trying to show force especially against the KA states . there dangerous ways almost cost KATV of there pilots KANOWT life . this is yet another DE from russia to yet further KA themselves from nato and to show they fully support the murderous assad regime .
take a DEIN at this guy ! what a flip flipper ! ! he seems to endorse whoever is ETTE at the DIDT - KA or obama . i also EM KANOWT only KA for arguing against KANOWT opponent , drawing on KANOWT personal life . ET of highlighting KANOWT policies , he ’s trying to KA on popularity . i would never , ever WT for this guy !
guys , please ETTE this . this issue needs to be seen by more of TP and acknowledged as DEETVV ENETKA EN more than EN ET . is this DEETVV EN can change or DEKATO on as a community ? please ENETKA me DEIN of ways EN can DEKATO on TOTV this a non issue in the future for the next generation . this is our kids and grand kids future EN are KA of .
i never knew there was a DETO between depression and birth control pills . i thought it would do the opposite because it allows women to have a ENKANO sex like without worrying about pregnancy , so they and their partners can ETKA more relaxed and open to exploring their sexuality . but now ENETKA i ETTE the article i can ETKA the DETO between hormone fluctuations and mood disorders since the two KANO each other .
i do n't really ETKA ENTP of anything at all reading this , i DEIN celebrity deaths are so common in the KA ENETKA it is really difficult to conjure up any emotion about them . i guess i ETKA mild DIENKA ? i learned a few facts about the singer of a song i have heard fairly often over the years , so it is interesting to have ETTE information , which always feels rewarding in a way . i guess i NO ETKA EM but i just do n't DEIN it 's possible for me to ETKA sadness every DIDT i ETTE about IR being TP . it makes me ETKA a bit KA i DEKA .
it 's kind of amazing ET little EN knew what was going on back then . there have certainly been a lot of changes since ENETKA day . i DEIN EN can all take ENKA in the fact ENETKA the world did n't DIKATU ENETKA day . even with crazy people in NO the earth 's people seem to be capable of keeping TP all on the KANOTV KATV . i mainly ENKA about TU KATV KA now .
man this KA story is really crazy and it makes me ETKA EM . just NO EMET ENETKA the content is kind of disturbing but it 's so scary ENETKA things like this could ENNO to just anyone walking down the street ! ETKA free to share with anyone else in australia ; i DE ENETKA TE woman is okay .
i 'm so EM to hear about this , it just drives me crazy . i wish ENETKA EN would just do DEETVV once and for all to ENETKA save these people from such suffering . i guess in the mean DIDT all ENETKA i can do personally is just ENTP for the people though and DE ENETKA soon things EN get ET , somehow . does n't this just make EMET so mad ?
i just ETTE this article about a TETP suicide . this TO , their three kids , and their dog were all TP from gunshot wounds . they even shot the dog . :( the family seemed really normal . they EM IN issues with TO and the relationship , but who does n't ? it 's really eerie ENETKA people can be like ENETKA and EMET wo n't even KAVE it .
hello ! i just ETTE this article and would like to share it with EMET . it is about the oak trees dying along the west coast . i KAVE EMET are KA and EN 've talked about this before . it seems to be caused by beetles and they are multiplying faster because of warm temperatures . i wish there was DEETVV more EN were EN to stop climate change and these warm temps !
the growing back and ETTP tension between the KA states and russia is really worrisome . KATV ET it seems like they like TP and the next they have nuclear weapons at the ready and pointed KATV at the KA states . it 's scary to DEIN about what could ENNO especially with the TPWS mouthed president EN have .
seems like a pretty ordinary occurrence . i 'm INVV their families are DIENKA but i 'm less INVV this kind of story deserves space in a newspaper . a TO people got sick and they died . anyway , it 's a mildly EM story but it 's not noteworthy or newsworthy . i do n't understand ET DTTP like this EN in the ETTE .
" i just ETTE this article about the nodal protest movement ENETKA EM a WS headline . it is like they want people to have a EN opinion about this issue , so they subtly ENTV it in a KA way . " " empty VE bank account " " to make a EN in support is a very EN way of putting things , almost like psychological priming . anyway , i DE ET the pipeline protest movement is going to KATUTV under KA . "
i ca n't DEEN ENETKA this KATO was ever given a ENNO to carry out their KANO in the first KATO . these TE dogs died a slow painful death because the owners of this kennel were so careless . did they not ETKA the dogs suffering ? ET would they like to be locked up in a room in those temps ? make INVV EMET are taking VE pets to a reputable kennel if EMET do need to board them - i would have to ETKA DEETVV like this ENNO to anyone else ! !
hello , i have to tell EMET DEETVV friend , i have IN curiosity about an article ENETKA i ETTE recently , said ENETKA donald KA was elected president of the KA states . the next day , a man discovered ENETKA IR EM painted swastikas in an abandoned store in south philadelphia , i was hoping ENETKA this type of information could be in the article
honestly it seems ENETKA the world is and has been providing a KATO for many refugees from all over for IN DIDT . i find it annoying ENETKA despite the people from africa and the middle east being evacuated from there TV ET situations they still ETKA the need to ENKA riot and KA chaos and show not only ungratefulness , but barbarity .
e rate government funding program across country to connect the ENVE from internet and it hits the hot buttons of education , technology , and good jobs at good wages in KATV shot and spreads federal monies to vendors and consultants in every KA of the country . students achievement in 2013 bring up the funding 2.3 billions budget to 4 billions .
i DEIN EN need to IN a few important things , psychologists and psychiatrists have very KA times . sometimes the people they are sent to KATV are manipulative to a point they have fooled family , friends and professionals for years . EN also have to acknowledge those with underlying mental health issues who may have been taken advantage of and used by criminal organizations .
" ENETKA was the strangest article i 've ever ETTE - i 'm not INVV ET i ETTE it . was it an error ? art/ ? it just said DEETVV like " " article TVVV - article - article source - date . " " i 'm not INVV ET to emotionally ENKA to such a KANO since it EM no emotional content whatsoever , no biographical content , no factual content , no real content at all . KANO , i DEEN there is a malfunction in the survey . "
i just ETTE about a company is EN KATV of the largest populations of orangutan 's in indonesia by chopping down a critical forest to EN it to a tree plantation . i DEIN it 's really disgusting ENETKA indonesia knows they need to preserve their land and wild life but still allows things like this to ENNO .
it is really disheartening to ETTE about these immigrants from this article who drowned . it makes me ETKA anxious and DIENKA ET the whole ordeal happened . it is a terrible occurrence ENETKA this EM to ENNO at the mediterranean sea . thankfully there were IN survivors . the fact ENETKA babies were DE makes it ENETKA ENTP more emotional to ETTE all of this
i thought the article was quite EM to ETTE and disheartening to hear about the iraqi people . i felt EM for them knowing their future was uncertain and ET KA it was to find a job . the economy they KATV with is ENTP ET than ours and i can only DE ET difficult it must be living there . i DE ENETKA it gets ET in the future .
it 's really amazing to me ET ENTP food EN TP as a country considering ET overweight and obese people are . i ca n't DEEN ET wasteful it all is , if EMET DEIN about it . a lot of the food EN eat , EN do n't need , and then EN throw away so ENTP ENKATP ! all ENETKA food belongs with people who really need it . i wish people would EN more and ENETKA restaurants could EN their unused food to homeless shelters .
i 've heard of narcotizing fascistic before . it 's really fucking scary to DEIN ENETKA just from a tiny little DITU EMET could get a disease ENETKA has a WT likelihood of killing EMET . there 's also a similar bacteria called spenglerian fowler ENETKA can get into VE body from water going up VE nostrils and it basically eats VE brain . nature is fucking metal .
i totally support these protesters . EN 've EM DI with oil pipelines here in michigan . i ETKA like these pipelines are foisted on local communities without any care for whether it is good for the community and without adequate studies as to ET safe they are from leaks and pollution . there are more important things in life than EN and oil .
this shooting is a good AV of ET black people and people w are wrongly prosecuted by the IN . now in this articles this gentlemen is getting a re - trial since they KA ENETKA he did n't do such KANO and basically EM the IN lying to the DENOWT . now he can be fairly be judged and not be discriminated
i ETKA for her . they could’t afford to cremate them on their KATV and ENETKA them , and the financial ENETKA they were entitled to as INNO victims EM not come through because the system today is n't going to ENETKA criminals . i DE the government now helps criminals through dangerous activities and make the world a ET KATO
so , i EM to ETTE an article about IN named kyle jenner , and evidently she has IN INVV of makeup line or DEETVV . anyway , evidently she must be ETTE for IN ET , because people are TOTV TE cosmetics and selling them as her NOVV . she put out IN IN about ET EMET NO only buy direct from her website . i guess a sucker is born every ET .
i just ETTE about a young male wolf ENETKA was shot TP after walking 700 miles in IN of a mate . ENETKA seems pretty awful . i EM KA about all of the KA paths ENETKA wolf walked along on KANOWT journey , only to ETKA it DIKATU in disaster . apparently it was a government sniper ENETKA killed him . i 'm not INVV ET the government has snipers to kill wolves . if they are posing a direct threat , then of course animals must be killed , but i do n't ETKA ENETKA this wolf was EN anyway . it seems dishonorable .
can EMET DEEN what this family has KAWT to these girls ? they have treated these children so heinously . it is insane ENETKA the IN would n't do anything until they were basically forced by the media . i can appreciate things ENETKA happened later to ENETKA these girls but this so unfair . this breaks TU heart .
so today i ETTE about vaughn , an actor i did n't really KAVE KANOWT name but have watched or heard most of the shows and movies he has been in . today , i heard , he died at NO 83 due to leukemia . it is very EM to TV such a ENKANO respected actor . i guess KANOWT parents divorced at a young NO but both gave him the genes to act .
it does seem IR ENETKA people in committed relationships are still affected by the donating NO , but i can also understand ET such a NO was put in KATO . the DI with anything is ENETKA when EMET try to protect IN people , others KA seem to always be infringed and EN 're forced to decide which EMNOWT is greater and more important . i do n't ETKA ET IR ca n't be tested , INNO to be clean and then give blood but i can understand ET especially in an emergency when things can easily get overlooked the NO is a good idea .
reading this was infuriating to me . to ETKA such casual disregard for life , both of the animals and those protecting them , in pursuit of EN . and for what ? snake oil cures in asia , superstitious DTTP , and rich people wanting to ETKA powerful . the security teams seem like they 're in an impossible KAVV , restrained by rules while their opponents have none . it 's a miserable situation
this is horrifying . EMET 're just going about VE KANO , then IR takes issue with EMET , and EM EMET 're TP . maybe EMET did n't even interact with them and they just decided to kill EMET for fun . it 's deeply troubling and makes EMET DENO of every stranger on the street . i also ETKA bad for those who EM to INNO this and did n't have DIDT to do anything to stop it . i 'd DE IN ETKA NO even though they could n't have helped .
i have pretty strong DEEN and feelings about this . from what i ETTE , i ETKA like ENETKA is a very tragic situation . TP as a NOVE , EN are taking advantage of the trees EN have here . in order to protect the environment and make the environment ET ETKATV , EN need to take care of it . what EN are EN , in TU opinion , is morally and ethnically KANO and EN need to do a ET job of taking care of nature . i understand ENETKA IN NOWT is from the volcanoes of hawaii , but ETKA like TP humans do way more damage than what mother nature brings .
awful KA article . TP as a NOVE need to do a ET job of protecting and helping not only our planet , but the animals and mammals ENETKA surround it . the fact ENETKA almost 100 percent of the caimans are suspected to be TP is alarming and people NO be more informed on such matters . the rate of extinction ENETKA these animals and mammals are going through on our planet is extremely alarming and i can not figure out ET people are n't more concerned or even IN of the matter . EN need to do a ET job of protecting all living matter on this planet , not just ourselves .
EN NO all try to do more to decrease global warming for the sake the polar bear population and for our KATV human population as ENKANO . please ETTE this article about the polar bears and the problems they EMKAWT and issues ENETKA they must endure related to global warming . the article is very descriptive and explains the issues very ENKANO . it is worth reading and sharing with others to bring exposure to the plight of the polar bears .
wow , ET KA this person hurt a TE flamingo for no ET ! ? ET would IN random dude go to busch gardens and KANOWP a bird who was minding its KATV KANO ? TE bird EM to be euthanize because of its injuries ! the bird was 19 years TETP ! it seems ENETKA there may have to be IN INVV of KA check or mental health testing before EMET are even allowed to visit a KATO like this . just unbelievable the way things ENNO ! soot EM !
oh TU goodness , check out this article . very interesting but also very EM . TE guy was just trying to do KANOWT job . this sounds like a terrible way to die . if nothing else maybe IN ETTE and improved safety measures EN be put in KATO to protect the next person who has this same recycling job . i DE KANOWT family gets an attorney and tries to get IN INVV of EN for KANOWT untimely death .
ETTE this article , this happened in georgia where i TV so i saw massive amounts of KA coverage related to this IN . i personally DEEN ENETKA the guy is NO , there are ENKATP many things ENETKA he did and said ENETKA did not add up . it seems ENETKA he DI to get rid of KANOWT kid and leave KANOWT wife and TV KANOWT free lifestyle . i do not ETKA any possible way ENETKA he did not KAVE ENETKA the kid was in the car . ENETKA TE kid !
i do n't necessarily agree with this stance , as i ETKA KA can ENETKA our country ENNO ETTP and ETTV economically . while KA was n't TU ideal president , he was the ENTP ET choice over clinton . so , in TU opinion , he was the ET candidate . i ETKA like obama was a DTIR as a president , and what did he really do during KANOWT 8 years of presidency ENETKA he EN be remembered for ? obama care ? ENETKA is n't a positive in TU opinion . so , i ca n't say ENETKA i really DEIN moore and i are on the same page , and EN have a KA of opinions .
as a woman myself , i really EN with these women . while i find it very difficult to DE what they go through as a woman , i can get IN vague idea . i would EM to DEIN ENETKA i EM to have a male escort when i left TU home . they are n't treated as equals , and often men do n't even consider them IN as their family pet ! < many of the women can be abused , physically and sexually , and they are considered to be the problem , not the abuser ! i DE they are able to KA by the ENNO , and EN be able to have a bit more freedom !
there was a terrible bus KA near the town where i grew up . it looks like a black sedan TO the bus and people were hurt . apparently the injured people were taken to a nearby hospital where i used to DEKATO . no word was released on the condition of the individuals but i INVV DE it was no KATV EN KAVE or ENETKA no KATV is KANO hurt . please say a prayer for all TP and be EM ENETKA no lives were DE .
i do n't KAVE ENTP about cricket but apparently in england it 's a very TPWS KATV ! this KATV town 's team is under the gun to KA the championship and needs only 33 more points to TETV it off . can EMET DE the pressure of the coach and players ? ? ? ENETKA must be IN fierce competition over there . i DE if they have as TPWS of a fan base as most of our sports do here in the states ?
all the unrest in the middle east has me really concerned with TU son being deployed over there . there 's so ENTP going on in saudi arabia and neighboring countries and i 'm so EM he EN DIKATU up KANOTV in the middle of it all . please say a prayer ENETKA he is safe over there and ENETKA nothing bad EN while he is there !
ETKATV , i would n't share this with anyone ; it 's not ENETKA interesting to me or to the people ENETKA i KAVE . have EMET seen this article about the sudden EN in tiger murders by poachers ? it 's pretty shitty ENETKA this still goes on , but what can EMET do ? people are going to be horrible for all kinds of reasons and nothing is going to change . what do EMET DEIN about it ? did EMET DEIN ENETKA this was an interesting article ? what 's VE DEEN ?
i EM really saddened by what is happening in brazil . i ca n't KATV ENETKA this type of damage is happening in nature . EN as citizens of the world really have to KA up our efforts so ENETKA it does n't ENNO more often . EN NO little by little try to reverse the damage ENETKA has been KAWT for ET good .
dude i KANO can not DEEN what happened at the zoo not ENKATP DEEN ago . a kid fell into a moat in may when he fell through the barrier . wow it must have been so terrifying for the family . then the gorilla picked up the boy and carried him a little bit . they actually ended up shooting the gorilla which is so EM .
natural disasters like these are just so scary . they could literally ENNO at anytime and no KATV ever knows when , especially earthquakes . it is EM to ETKA such historic buildings and areas be destroyed by this event . it is even more EM knowing ENETKA people got injured . IN things just are n't fair in life and EMET never ETKA it coming .
this is so unfortunate for the family of this father and son . they were probably just trying to have a nice together , but did not research the area ENKANO EMKA or did not DTENWSWT proper attention . there are so many things ENETKA could go KANO , and in this IN , they all seemed to have gone KANO . i ETKA bad for them . the world can be pretty unforgiving .
i ETKA like EN need to do DEETVV about this problem ENETKA is going on EN font need moms overdosing on drugs plus EN it while they are driving . maybe there is a program EN could start to ENETKA these mom in need and the kids ENETKA they have NO be taken care by IR else while they are getting the ENETKA ENETKA they need to get ET and then they can get there kids back when they are able to take care of them
ET could IR KATV such an intelligent creature so horribly . EMET 'd DEIN by now people would figure out ENETKA EN do n't have any superior KANOTV to health and happiness over other animals on earth . EMET 'd DEIN people would be ENKATP ashamed of the TU of getting caught acting like this to actually have the audacity to KATV another living creature so despicably .
hi mike , i DE EMET are . it 's been KA to have these days over there when EMET need me here , TU friend . i DE ENETKA EMET are taking care of all the dangers ENETKA EMET are going through , ENETKA EMET do it for TP , for VE people , VE country but leaving aside all ENETKA EMET must teach in EMET and VE family ENETKA are waiting for EMET here i DE EMET are ENKANO and can ETKA EMET soon mike
hello brother i DE EMET are ENKANO these days and thought a lot about EMET and more when i ETKA the KA i find out ENETKA saudi arabia is struggling to TO its territory no matter what this ET NO take care of being there is very dangerous so be careful i DE EMET take care of yourself and DEIN of TP
man veterans need more ENETKA . this article talks about ET a lot of americans have problems , especially vets , with sleeping . i can DE ENETKA this sleeping problem can carry over into so many other areas of their lives like at DEKATO and their interpersonal relationships . even thought they were n't able to establish a specific DETO their has to be a DETO between potsdam and problems with sleeping given the huge consequences of potsdam .
getting TETP is EM . i DE they TETV through . but , many people never KA 86 . so , i ca n't ETKA ENKATP bad for them . they also probably lived a life many of TP can only dream about . this might sound KANO , but i EN probably EN about this in 5 minutes . life goes on . i 've already spent more DIDT KA about them than they EN ever DEIN about me .
this is a terrible story , but EN ca n't go so TP as to NOWT an entire religion for the actions of IN . EN DE what happened to paris never EN ETKATV , but EN simply need a bit more security and people with their eyes open - not attitudes against an entire religion or people . consider these unfortunate ways of rallying countries KA KATV KA of KA .
this is a nice story - people have IN level of need to protect nature and protecting birds is an excellent way of EN back , especially since IN are endangered . i have to ENWT this person for trying really KA to protect KATV species , and for committing to it . i myself would have a difficult DIDT choosing what to gel pith - but this person does n't !
i just do n't understand ET this is the country ENETKA EN all say EN EMEN and adore , but yet when others come here there are so many KA for them , and then even when they ENKA at jumping through all of the hoops they are forced to , they have even more guidelines KA ENETKA . it 's just so unfortunate ENETKA these refugees EN ETKA unsafe and ultimately ETKA like refugees for the rest of their lives .
these are the headlines ENETKA i have to ETTE these days ! i just ca n't DEEN all of the horrid KA ENETKA is taking over our lives lately . and now EN have to ENKA about when our men and women go out to ENNO , ENETKA this kind of KANO can DIKATU of happening at the KA of a hat . so , who is responsible after this ? who helps the children now without parents ? who pays for KA surrounding their funerals , and all of the costs after ENETKA ?
the wildlife park offers their ENETKA after over half a million supporters signed a ENNO made by the non - profit organization animals asia to ENKANO the closure of the aquarium . if the current owners of the polar bear agree to this DIENNO , pizza could be moved to a proper sanctuary and KANOWT life of misery would DIKATU . “ the good KA now for grand view is ENETKA they now have the TU to put their KATE KANOTV , ” dave neal , animal welfare director for animals asia , said in a TO . “ thanks to this incredible DIENNO from yorkshire wildlife park there can be a happy ending and the EN publicity they have suffered can yet be turned into a positive KA story . from talking to them i KAVE they KAVE ENETKA mistakes have been made in terms of their animal facilities and on - going care . ” china ’s
i ETKA ENETKA it is a common KANO to have intentions misplaced . the article seems to discuss what the KA is between perception versus reality . i EMEN to understand what ENKANO of reality i can TO to understand ET i can do ET myself . for AV if a family member tells me ENETKA DEETVV does not DEIN KANOTV on TU body i usually take it off . for AV i EM a bad weave on TU ENETKA KATV DIDT and i took it off after church and never wore it ETKATV . i EMEN to always DEIN TU KA and if i do n't i EN usually correct the situation . the perception of fantasy is often when people get in DI because they DEETTO it as reality . i have always received constructive criticism from TU parents so ENETKA i can also distinguish the KA as ENKANO . parents NO often be the critic ok .
there is a particularly rough situation with the KA states , russia , and syria KANOTV now . the KA states is receiving NO intelligence about attacks and conspiracies . there is a need for cooperation but diplomatic intensity is very important . russia seems to be keeping its intelligence under wraps while syria is in a power deluge .
there are many orphaned children around the world . international displacement is a huge problem ENETKA seems to be causing a lot of separated families . these children are TV to go to orphanages , shelters , and other temporary placement in order to seek refuge . these children range in NO from young to teenagers .
details and information about the TV is used to make decisions , as TV ET of feelings EN current KANO - TOTV , ET people EN ETKA in the future , and if they want to ETKA ENETKA way ETKATV . gilbert and wilson conducted a TE to show ET KA a person would ETKA if they purchased flowers for themselves for no specific ET ( birthday , anniversary , or promotion etc . ) and ET DEEN they thought ENETKA feeling would last . people who EM no experience of purchasing flowers for themselves and those who EM experienced buying flowers for themselves were tested . results showed ENETKA those who EM purchased flowers in the TV for themselves felt happier and ENETKA feeling lasted KA for them than for a person who EM never experienced purchasing flowers for themselves
a gut feeling , or gut reaction , is a visceral emotional reaction to DEETVV . it may be EN , such as a feeling of uneasiness , or positive , such as a feeling of trust . gut feelings are generally regarded as not modulated by conscious thought , but sometimes as a feature of intuition rather than rationality .
feelings are deemed appropriate if they fit the current situation . since individuals want to fit in and be seen as normal , they are constantly working on their feelings in order to fit the situation . emotion DEKATO is more so ET people want to ETKA or ET they want other people to ETKA them ETKA . feelings are not permanent , but an ongoing KANO because people constantly try to bring up , KATP , or ENKATP feelings
i just ETTE another story about american soldiers deaths at the KA of terrorists . what upsets me the most about reading it is KA about their families . i DE if they EM children ENETKA EN have to grow up without them . i DEIN about wives and their parents and ET those peoples ' lives have now changed forever . i DEIN about ET DIENKA i would be if TU son grew up to join the military . i would be a mess .
i just ETTE an article about leprosy INNO in squirrels . it is kind of scary to DEIN about what diseases can be lurking in other animals ENETKA EN are not even IN of . i ENKA EMKA about this kind of TP as it is , and now i just have more to ENKA about when i leave the house . sometimes i DEIN ENETKA TP is bliss . it makes me want to just KA inside .
" i just ETTE an article ENETKA outlines what obama did to ENETKA the " " TE " " compared to what KA wants to do to take these things away . obviously , the TE are going to have a ENTP harder DIDT under KA 's administration . i DEIN it goes without saying ENETKA i EM this guy and i ca n't DEEN he is our president . i EM counting the days til the next presidential election . if these idiots WT for him ETKATV , ENKANO , i wo n't DEEN it . although , i did n't DEEN he would be voted in in the first KATO either . it is just EM ENETKA our country is taking ten steps way way back voting in this guy . "
" KA , this was an opinion piece . it is upsetting ENETKA so many try to pass off an opinion piece as a KA article these days . ENETKA is exactly what fake KA is . the writer was n't even trying to KATP it . she included " " hhhhhhmmmmmmm , hhhmmmm , hhhmmmm " " as ENKANO of her article . mfa . ENETKA is when there was not KA any ET to take it KANO anymore . INVV , IN of the info in there may be accurate , but the INWT overwhelms all . "
oh , please . it is getting hot - climate change . it is getting cold - climate change . there is a NO - climate change . EN ENETKA fact ENETKA the climate has changed since the EN of DIDT , and ENETKA people throw cigarettes out the window all the DIDT ENKATP . these chicken little articles are also amusing and upsetting at the same DIDT .
" the article says that- KA to supporters harassing minorities : ' stop it ' — donald KA on sunday told KANOWT supporters to stop harassing minorities , in KANOWT first televised sit - down EN since becoming president - NOWT . " " i EM so saddened to hear ENETKA , " " KA told cbs ' lesley stael on " " 60 minutes " " when she said latinos and muslims are facing harassment . " " and i say , ' stop it . ' if it -- if it helps , i EN say this , and i EN say KANOTV to the cameras : ' stop it . ' " " KA directed KANOWT comments to KANOWT KATV supporters whom said have written racist slogans or chanted degrading messages -- particularly in schools . it was a powerful appeal to a nation ripped apart by the divisive 2016 campaign . KA 's election has left democrats EM and many minorities fearful about the future . "
" hello , ET have EMET been lately ? i EM curious about an article i ETTE recently , said ENETKA an instagram publication of a mother reached almost 400 " " likes " " in her account and more than 800 " " likes " " in the account of the 4ht quarter of the bodies DEET . birth without DEKA also published KANOWT photo on facebook , where he reached more than 6,000 likes . , i realized ENETKA the article EM a problem ENETKA KA me more , because of the events ENETKA were happening in this KATV . "
i 've given up TU faith in humanity . there are just KA events ENETKA transpire ENETKA make EMET shudder to the core . after reading multiple articles today about just ET shitty people can be to KATV another , it makes me beyond happy to KAVE the individuals ENETKA are in TU KATV personal life . human greed knows no bounds . human ego needs to be set aside and/or destroyed .
i just ETTE about an TETP TO ENETKA died while out in the water . apparently they may have EM IN kind of health EN , but nobody really knows . the people who checked the bodies DEIN it was probably heart attacks ENETKA killed them . anyway , it 's really scary to DEIN ENETKA at any given moment our hearts can just stop working and then EN are gone forever .
" he mayor was on duster 's list of local officials branded as " " narc - politicians " " who allegedly have ties to the illegal drug world , according to cnn affiliate cnn philippines . he , along with KANOWT wife , surrendered themselves to provincial IN in august to ETKATP their names and DIENKANO involvement . at the roadblock early friday morning , an " " armed DI " " between dimaggio 's men and IN ensued , the report says , with NO enforcement officials responding to NO from the mayor 's bodyguards , leaving 10 men TP . duster was elected to KANO in may on a platform of a hardliner crackdown on INNO , particularly illegal drugs . since taking KANO in early june , KANOWT IN force has waged a bloody KA on drug dealers and users , resulting in the deaths of hundreds of filipino drug suspects at the "
he government of kenya this week revealed ENETKA it has accepted the request of the KANO of the unhurt commissioner for refugees , fillip brandi , to extend the deadline for the completion of repatriation of somali refugees and eventual closure of the world 's largest refugee complex , by six months.i EN speak TU friend
" DEIN at this DTTP . EN can put dudes on the moon and video TP across the planet with anyone EN like , but EN still ca n't make containers for fuel ENETKA do n't leak everywhere ? EMET KAVE ENETKA " " cu boon " " KANO i told EMET about ? at this point i DEIN IR ( probably the environments ) benefit from this EMKA to keep EN it . ET about EN build pipelines for the oil ? oh KANOTV , environments ETKATV , KATV with the trash heap they left KA after their protest . "
ha . get him , snake ! i 'm so proud of ENETKA snake . if EMET do n't want to be crushed by an EM python , maybe do n't use the TE KANO to do ET for people . i mean , crushing the warm KANO until it stops TP is kind of what giant snakes do . i DE they did n't kill the snake , TE baby . she was just defending herself , basically .
the earthquake was terrible . thankfully , they did n't have injured people , just frightened ones . as bad as the situation is , it could have been ET . while people have no homes , they have their lives and the lives of their loved ones . it is terrible these people do n't have a particularly safe KATO to KA KANOTV now , and the thought of losing KA EMET KATV is catastrophic . but , EMET can rebuild VE life with VE family .
i can not NOWT people for leaving . living in an area ENETKA is prone to natural disasters , like an area ENETKA is below sea level and near a coast , is a bad idea . it is bad for the government of louisiana , but EMET ca n't NOWT these people for getting out . and , of course , there is nothing ENETKA they can do to stop them .
hello friend , i was distressed reading the article about the bankruptcy of american apparel . however , it is ETKATP ENETKA there were so many problems with the company , including the ceo , ENETKA the company has been doomed for a while . it 's a shame the company was so poorly mismanaged . maybe if they EM a KA ceo , they would have been able to survive .
hello friend , this article cracks me up . as IR who hates KA , i DEIN it 's hilarious . realistically , the mother shoulder just talked to her son about the reasons she dislikes KA . trying to EN him ENETKA KA is a immoral person would 've been a ET use of her DIDT . what makes me mad though , is ENETKA people called cps on her . people always trying to get TP in everybody 's KANO .
this is a very EM article . being of of the first female fighter pilots must have given her and her family KA ENNOWT . i DEIN ENETKA there NO be more training for all pilots who KATV in these acrobatic flying routines . i also DEIN ENETKA women have just as ENTP of a KANOTV to KATU a fighter pilot as men .
it must be extremely difficult to find these lone wolf terrorist . i can only DITUTV to understand the type of manpower needed to KATUTV these people . i DEIN ENETKA most of them are mentally IRWP and KA to catch before they NO the INNO . it makes me DEIN of the movie minority report and ET ENETKA type of technology might KATU available with the advance of a.i ..
this is EM and such a KA IN . i do n't KAVE who to KA on . while it would have been good to stop the boat to DEIN it also might not have mattered depending on where he fell into the water . i do n't really care about them being gay or the fact ENETKA they say they were harassed ENETKA NO n't matter in the IN anyway .
this is so disturbing . it says ENETKA they are killing chickens ENETKA are still EN during it . it 's like they like torturing them . ET ca n't EN be like europe ? in europe they have rules on ET this is supposed to be KAWT . no EN just let companies do whatever they like . ET KA it is to kill DEETVV and make INVV it 's not EN while EN so ?
those TE families in the middle east . near the city of yemen . i guess so ENTP KA over there has led to really unhealthy living EN . they are TV ETTE suspected cases of cholera all the DIDT , and most of those IRWP are young kids . i ca n't even DE such bad living EN . these kids deserve a ET life . not DEKA and illness .
the article was about smokers and the prevalence of cancer among cigarette smokers . it indicated ENETKA the tobacco lobby results in weak tobacco control and a WP effort among politicians to try and stop people from smoking . quite frankly , i 'm not INVV ET i NO care about smokers . the INNOVE is there for them to ETKA , yet they KATV in their bad habits . government can only do so ENTP and it makes little sense for me to ENKA about another person 's health when they are consciously TOTV the KANO to kill themselves .
i did not KAVE ENTP about cohen before i ETTE the article about KANOWT death . i heard the jeff buckley song of course because it appears in shrek . i also DEIN ENETKA the irish girl did a KATP of bird on a wire ENETKA i like . he did a lot of DEKATO and was an EN over ENTP of the music scene . it was EM he got ripped off and EM to DEKATO so KA to re - earn KANOWT fortune . it is an informative article and worth a ETTE if EMET do n't KAVE ENTP about him .
i really EM sick of these pseudo scientists DI around screaming the sky is falling . it is a load of garbage science . the take a snapshot of the earth , a vastly complicated system with millions of variables ENETKA is in constant flux and ENNO . they KA this into a ET with a TO of hundred hand picked variables and ET ENETKA EN are all doomed . it is bad science and everyone knows it .
another doom and gloom article about KA . not surprising , ethics and truth passed out of journalism DEEN ago . KA is not against renewable power , he just wants a free market and he is KANOTV . the free market is the only way EMET EN get renewable to the efficiency ENETKA they need to go global and KA carbon out . if EMET coddle them they EN get fat and lazy and never ENNO forward . the paris NO was a KA toward globalism and a boon for the liberals who dream of an elite class ruling the world .
passing this article along to EMET ! IN ET EN were just discussing this ? i guess there is EMKA DE now in the death of the ET former president ENETKA died in ENETKA plane KA ENETKA they now are exhuming the body . IN people DENO ENETKA the russians actually poisoned him and the KA is a KATP up ! not everyone 's happy about this though as it might seem disrespectful .
www , this story is so heartbreaking . i ca n't DE what this family is going through . did EMET ETKA this ? i EM hopeful ENETKA they can find KA . if DEETVV like this happened to me , i do not KAVE what i would do . i guess ENETKA this just reminds TP ENETKA life is precious and EN NO appreciate what EN have !
please hug VE loved ones because they may be gone at any moments of DIDT . if EMET were in an AVKANO with any of them please reconsider what has happened in the TV and let it go . life is TU and EN all have only KATV life to TV on this planet . EN NO all cherish each other and enjoy life to the fullest .
EN NO cherish all the works ENETKA the IN force offers to TP each and every day . while EN TP at night , IN officers patrol up and down our streets and neighborhoods TOTV INVV ENETKA EN are safe and sound . EN may DEKA IN officers when EN ETKA them but DEKA not because they serve the country as our NO and enforcement .
this is very EM . i can only DE ET stressful it must be for the people living in the areas threatened by these fires . it must be so stressful knowing ENETKA EMET have to be ready to evacuate any ET and leaving VE home and all VE belongings KA to possibly never seeing them ETKATV . i also ETKA bad for all the wildlife .
i EM never heard of people shaming women who give birth by c section . this is KATV of the dumbest things i 've ever heard . i 'm INVV the TV of c sections are medically required to ENETKA the mother and the baby , not because women are just so eager to undergo major surgery . ET do people even care if IR gave birth by c section ET of natural birth anyway .
this is such a EM situation for both the people and the elephants affected by all the coal mining . the world really needs to ENNO forward to try to replace using coal as a means of energy , and replace it with DEETVV ENETKA is less harmful to humans , animals and the environment . it 's not fair , especially to the animals , since they do n't really benefit from the coal mining .
EN definitely need to make INVV EN KA up our efforts to vet who EN let in this country , especially as TP as refugees go . just like EMET would n't leave VE door open and DIEN intruders , EN NO not let refugees into our country without vetting them . EN do n't KAVE if they 're ENKANO of isis or not . it may seem like racial profiling , but only middle easterners belong to isis , so it is appropriate in this IN .
KA NO really not underestimate the blacks . they got complacent after two obama terms , and did n't come out in force like they NO have for the election . now ENETKA KA is in KANO , i do n't DEIN there 's any way he can KA the black WT , and ENETKA would definitely sway the election in 2020 . i really DEIN KA 's days are numbered , whether it 's impeachment or EN in the next election .
did EMET hear about what EM happened to the kid in china . they INNO KANOWT body TP in a deserted ENKANO in china after he was helping KANOWT father pick IN vegetables or DEETVV like ENETKA . i just ETKA like if he was helping KANOWT father , then it is KA to DEEN ENETKA KANOWT dad did not KAVE he EM fallen into the ENKANO . either way , EM story .
so apparently there is an infamous retired nba star who is going around and pieing influential political VV aha . at first i thought it was a typo , and it was DEKA to be die , but it indeed was talking about IR taking a coconut pie , and slamming it into the EMKAWT of people . the act seems pretty innocent to me , and is almost EM ENETKA he is going to have to EMKAWT IN jail DIDT along with the beating from the security . obviously , EMET ca nt go around EN this , but it is tough not to IRWP .
this day and NO , there is a tremendous amount of INNOVE showing ENETKA climate change is real . in this ETTE reality , ET EN life ENKA . do species have the ability to TE and thrive in ETTE clients or EN they disappear . what EN ENNO to humans as ENKANO ? more studies need to be KAWT in order to figure out not if EN can stop climate change , but ET EN it affect TP all .
obesity is an epidemic in today 's NOVE . almost KATV in three people are obese . sometimes i DE ET EN got here . people these days take no NO for themselves and their actions . the cost of care has increased tremendously from the obesity epidemic in this country . according to the most current statistics , over fifteen million americans can be classified as extremely obese .
not a ENKA to ETKA the KA states falling further down in the global rankings in yet another category . i DEIN by the DIDT our next presidential election comes around EN EN be no KA be considered a destination country but anyone in the KAVE . i do n't ETKA ET this particular stat is n't a matter of culture though . i have n't met many women who expressed an DIENKA in stem and most of them did n't even want to talk to people who were into it when i was in college . now women might be more KA but it still is n't going to be anything approaching IN because the culture does n't DEKATO ENETKA way .
" in spain this was the deadly ENNO KA killed at least four people and injured nearly 50 others after it derailed in the northwest region of the country . photos of the wreck showed the ENNO ’s carriage flipped on its KA and smashed from where it likely TO ENKANO of a bridge near the tracks . a INNO woman told spanish television about EN a " " very strong bang " " before seeing billowing black smoke . "
IN when i told EMET i EM ringing in TU ear sometimes ? this article seems to parallel what i was talking about . can EMET DEIN into this further ? i really trust VE TV on this . i EM going to ask TU doctor about this later on this week . i do not want this to get ET . maybe EMET can ENKAWT on a good doctor i can ETKA regarding this ? i EM just really EM about it . thanks ETKATV man !
the flint , michigan water crisis is out of control . it seems like there is n't ENTP being KAWT to ENETKA them get cleaner water . EN need to do KA EN can to ENETKA them . children are being hospitalized because of the cities incompetence . no KATV NO have to go without clean water , and because EN TV in the KA states , it 's especially INKA .
i 'm EM .... i do n't mean to IRWP ... but ..... this was ENKATP ENTP . i EM to admit ENETKA i INNO it a little bit funny , but at the same DIDT , i ETKA EM ENETKA this man was this ignorant to do this to himself . now he 's going to have to go through so ENTP more TP , when in all likeliness , a simple urine test probably would have been performed to find a solution to the issue to DITUTV with .
i just ETTE the article and i EM so DE ENETKA this happened . i ETKA really embarrassed for her because it seems obvious ENETKA she 's the KATV starting DI but i ENKA ENETKA she might have IN INVV of mental illness or TP ENETKA she really did n't ET what she said and ENETKA makes me ETKA bad for her . i can understand her concerns about racism but i DEIN ENETKA she 's just not very credible in this IN . i just ETKA like EN need to be really sensitive towards racism and keep an open mind when it EN , but considering ENETKA there were other people there and absolutely no KATV is KA her up , i do n't KAVE if EN can really take her KANO and ENETKA 's really EM . crow also does n't seem like the kind of person to be racist or to KA IR for absolutely no ET , either .
i always ETKA bad when women talk about their ET with sexual assault because EMET KAVE ET i ETKA about ENETKA but i want to put it into words anyway . i ETKA like it 's always on the women to be the ones to ENKANOWT men accountable and to report it and KA but i 'm so frustrated by the fact ENETKA men wo n't take a bigger KATV . men NO ENKANOWT each other accountable for sexual assault and ENKA each other not to do it ET of TOTV DTIR about it all the DIDT . i 'm just so frustrated by ET there are so many DTTP of women ENETKA are suffering needlessly at the KA of these arrogant men and yet women have to endure a lifetime of trauma from it and men usually get away with a slap on the wrist , it really just makes me so sick to TU stomach , i EM it so ENTP .
it 's almost funny because i was looking at DEETVV really similar to this on steve wilkes , ENETKA a baby got hurt after pushing through a window screen and steve was yelling at her and saying ET she was so negligent and a bad mom but i honestly DEIN ENETKA it 's not the parents KANO . sometimes accidents just really so ENNO and kids are curious and they climb and then accidents ENNO . it 's really upsetting for all of those TP and i really ETKA for the mom in this IN because she just DE her kid and she probably blames herself EMKA as it is . she does n't need NOVE talking badly about her from KA closed doors . accidents are just accidents and it can ENNO to anyone , although i DEIN ENETKA everyone can agree ENETKA it 's a really EM situation overall .
hey buddy . did EMET hear about this weird disease ENETKA is spreading among st the frog population ? apparently it 's a disease ENETKA EN due to people TV ponds in their house . i ENKA what this disease could do to the local population of frogs . tell anyone who has a pond to be careful with what they are TP in and out of their ponds .
i thought reading an article about iconic moments of women athletes would be quite a bit more interesting and TP than it was . ET , it was mostly a rattling of championships and medal counts with very few anecdotal pieces of information . the only things ENETKA really stood out were the story of the marathon runner and the swimmer because there were interesting DTTP attached to them .
it 's very unfortunate for both the wildlife and the communities ENETKA survive off of the meat ENETKA the rare animals provide . it 's also EM ET the IN officers ran away which was i guess the main point of the person telling the story . ENETKA is very corrupt and KANO , they NO have stood up for the rangers being targeted . i DEIN it 's KA if the wildlife is preserved and the community ENETKA attacked the rangers were KA out of line .
hey , i thought this was an interesting article about males born through medical fertilization . apparently , these men are also more likely to suffer from the same problems as their fathers did with being able to have babies . it 's INVV of EM to DEIN about it . the author suggest using a sperm donor ET , but i could n't DE EN ENETKA if i was in this situation .
hey , check this out . this guy ended up murdering KANOWT wife for no obvious ad apparent ET , according to this article . he was happily married to KANOWT wife and just ended up committing a homicide . it 's scary to DEIN about , ET it could be possible for IR to just go off like ENETKA and kill IR they EMEN .
this article i just ETTE talks about another mass shooter . ENKANO , not so ENTP mass shooter like IN of the recent ones , but they did open NO in public and kill 5 people . i ca n't ENETKA but ETKA disgusted ENETKA these things still ENNO . i really DE ENETKA this guy gets what he deserves , because this has to stop .
" ugh - can EMET DEEN this story ? first - ET not just go to the doctor ? do n't be shy , it 's VE dick EN 're talking about . then , ET insert a chopstick so TP ENETKA EMET could""t get it out . holy crap , ENETKA sounds awful . i EM totally EM to ETTE this and can only DE the pain - but then ETKATV , he did bring it upon himself . "
did EMET ETKA ENETKA leonard cohen passed away ? EMET KAVE , the guy who made the hallelujah song . TE guy passed away after suffering an injury but from what i hear he passed away in KANOWT TP and he did n't suffer at all which is really good . it really makes EMET DEIN ENETKA if he would of went to the hospital he might actually still be alive . just make INVV EMET get yourself checked if EMET ever hurt yourself .
did EMET ETKA what is going on with all those refugees ? they are trying to KAVV over by water and a lot of them are drowning and there are DEETVV numbers for deaths from shipwrecks . those TE people just want to get away and lead a ET life and they all keep dying or KATUTV to suffer . i really wish EN could do DEETVV for them so they could all TV ET lives .
wow - this is so so horrible ! i ca n't even DITUTV to understand ET syria would INKA its KATV citizens , and ET would russia support them in EN so ? this is a sick regime and i EM EMKA ENETKA america and its allies are interfering . the fact ENETKA they are denying EN it is truly messed up . i DE these TE children who survived are able to get the health care they so desperately deserved . could EMET guys DE if this was happening here ? ?
let 's be real for a KA - politics is and always has been a cruel and nasty IR . these politicians throw insults at each other for months in order to KA . ENETKA 's what competition portrays itself as in politics . for this woman to EM KATU offended when she has thrown around plenty of insults herself is not just hypocritical , but also shows a lot of weakness on her ENKANO . i do n't like her policies anyways !
i really ETKA bad for turkey . i DEIN they are trying to do KA they can to get rid of terrorism in the country . it seems ENETKA their efforts are for naught . they want to keep the people safe and yet more terrorist groups keep popping up . then the lawmakers are TP and there is only so ENTP EMET can do . turkey is constantly at KA . i 'm wondering if this EN DIKATU up with the TP trying to do DEETVV over there or bringing ENETKA DI here . it is upsetting really to hear about all this going on in the world when people just want KA . there is always terrorism and IR trying to bring down a country , but the country tries its hardest to KA back despite opposition .
the article ENETKA i just ETTE was about the ongoing violence and KA between kenya and south sudan . the words in the article really DITU a nerve with me . it made me EM . there have been thousands of people who have DE their lives during this AVKANO . it makes me want to KA out and ENETKA in any way possible . the KA needs to stop and KA needs to be restored between these two nations .
so i just ETTE an article where 2 friends went diving to a KATO they NO n't have and ended up dying . while they were using NOVV ETTE equipment , i ETKA like idiots who take stupid KA and go to places where no humans NO be , kind of deserve what ends up happening to them . if EMET font sky dive , EMET never have to ENKA about going splat when VE chute does n't open
so when i was a kid , the TPWS KANO i used to IN was reading about the poachers in africa grinding down animal parts to then put into powder for men to snort to DEKATO like viagra . today apparently those guys are going even further . they are hunting KA and anything just to make a profit . not a ENKA
this is probably KATV of the most distressing articles i have ETTE in TU entire life , i really do not understand ET this is even happening . over and over ETKATV , EN are showing to the black people in our country ENETKA EN do not have the heart or the brains to care about them EMKA . it just makes me so mad !
three quarters of a year after the erika outbreak was declared a global health emergency , the virus has infected almost seven hundred thousand men and women across latin america . KATV estimate in the tens of thousands represents the VV of infected expecting mothers . this is feared to result in fetal deformities .
it would KA to me , in TU opinion , the liberal , nonsensical , mainstream media is at it ETKATV . let 's use DEKA - mongering and misinformation to KA up a demographic in our all out effort against donald KA . i ETKA for those who do n't ETTE the TV proposals and/or legislation but ET decide to DEEN every word uttered by the talking ENETKA on tv .
" hey everyone , please share this ! she appears to be in her late 60s or early 70s , 6'0 " " , 175lbs , with gray KA . this could easily be IR 's grandmother or mom , a family could be EM sick about her . her outfit sounds like she may of been in IN INVV of retirement home or DEETVV similar . i KAVE if this was TU grandmother i could want to KAVE so i could ENETKA her get home , so please share this within the area so EN can maybe get her back to her home and family . "
i EM ENETKA tourism and economy DIKATU up hurting our animal 's habitats ! people are so selfish while traveling , and they do not DEIN of ET their actions EN KANO the wildlife in the area . please IN to clean up VE trash , do not litter , and do not leave items out ENETKA EN potentially hurt animals when EMET are visiting an area . countries need to spend more DIDT and effort on saving natural areas for wildlife .
michael bible 's three year TETP son has cancer . this is so horrible and EM . i ca n't DE what they are feeling KANOTV now . TU uncle died of prostate cancer and i KAVE nothing EN ever be the same . cancer on such a young boy seems so cruel if there is a god out there . i EM really hoping their son pulls through and they keep on KA together as a family .
did EMET hear about the polar bear name pizza called the word 's saddest polar bear ? apparently they are not treating it ENKANO in china by not EN it EMKA space and turning KANOWT life into a circus show . he started to NO KA KA because of KANOWT living condition . i really DE china comes up with ET animal cruelty laws although i DE this EN ENNO because of our culture KA . it makes me EMKA knowing animals are being treated like this over there .
i EM very concerned about our staple crops ENETKA EN use to survive off of . the climate change is likely going to kill off our crops . EN are already seeing signs , and it does n't DEIN good . the university in arizona is already seeing this , and no KATV is listening . only a few KA channels are spreading the KA . this is going to affect those non technological countries first , which is a shame since none of this is their KANO .
i just can not even DE DEETVV like ENETKA happening . what makes IR do such a horrible KANO ? and especially when there were children on board ? such a senseless act . ET scared those individuals and the victim must have been when ENETKA was happening . it is a good KANO ENETKA ENETKA guy was there to ENETKA the passengers get off the bus . a tragic event would have been even more tragic EM he not been there to save those people . i ETKA bad because those individuals ( including the guy who saved the passengers ) are all now scarred for life and their lives EN never be the same . their lives have been turned upside down because of IR TO 's senseless act and are forever traumatized by it . i DE those victims get the support they need and i DE ENETKA the driver 's family receives support
gosh , the emotions i felt while reading ENETKA . being a nurse , i would be so scared of such a mass emergency and worrying about it people would make it or not . it disgusts me ENETKA innocent people would be used as human shields . ET could IR do ENETKA to IR else ? and they purposely brought them into the center of the city with the intention of using them as human shields .
a jordanian writer was shot and killed outside of a courthouse due to a cartoon he posted mocking isis . it 's amazing ENETKA IR could be persecuted for mocking a terrorist organization who rose to fame by killing people and causing civil unrest . what reasonable country would prosecute IR for this ?
here is an article ENETKA pretty ENTP sums up what most people already KAVE about donald KA and KANOWT campaign platform . this is highlights IN of the main points , including KANOWT stances on immigration , abortion KA , gun KA , corey , the clinton , and a variety of other topics . it 's a good refresher .
death to the IN ! there is no member of the IN ENETKA is VE friend , even those who are no KA on the force . only IR who fully recants their KAVV as a IN officer and demonstrates tangible NO about their actions can be accepted . all IN are EM , because the IN naturally ENTO people who would KANOWP their ENNO .
kyle jenner pretending like she cares about other people . she makes a transparent marketing ENNO to NO her KATV product by TOTV up reasons other companies products are bad . it 's disingenuous fax concern and anyone who reads it NO ETKA through the crap . it is disgusting and she NO just IN like a decent human being would .
people often DEIN of what it must be like to be in the 1 % and be ultra successful . but often times EN EN about the many pressures and responsibilities ENETKA come a DEEN with ENETKA . take mikhail lenin for AV . the man was very ENKANO KAVE and successful and DEIN what happened to him he wound up TP just like everyone else . now , the DITU is ENETKA it was an accident , but the type of people and industries and location of the world ET a lot of speculation . i guess thatch a price EMET have to DTENWSWT if EMET make enemies in the world . EMET are either looking over VE shoulder all the DIDT or completely stressed to death . what a world .
hats pretty crazy ENETKA IR died in jakarta . i do n't even KAVE what the whole issue was but just to DEIN ENETKA just like ENETKA VE life could be over . i get ENETKA politics is a pretty nasty IR but really when EMET DEIN about it , it 's quite KA around the world then it is here . people DEIN our current ETTO of the nation is bad , can EMET just DE being in IN of these other countries where there seems to be nothing but endless political strife . i 've even seen government members punch each other in meetings in IN KA governments . the world is such a crazy KATO .
putting make up on a ENNO , is ENETKA just DT ? ha ha . i do n't want to make ENKATP TPWS a KATV about this because it is a KA culture and it would be difficult to get the ENKANO gist without knowing ENKATP ENTP about it . with ENETKA said , it 's is pretty worrisome , in this country as ENKANO , ET ENTP people are telling everyone what they NO and NO n't be EN . TV and let TV is still the KA way to go about things and comparing putting on make up on a ENNO to pooping on the ENNO is pretty WS by any standard .
so i just ETTE ENETKA article about alexandria vera . i KAVE EMET KAVE who she is , and i KAVE the lawyer in EMET just wants to get in ENETKA IN . i mean , can EMET DE the nerve of a teacher to exploit a minor in ENETKA way . she deserves more than 30 years , if EMET ask me . and the parents of the minor ought to have been charged with DEETVV . ENETKA is disgraceful . i mean , what is happening in america today ? IN of the things i ETTE about make me sick !
this story is pretty weird and i DE ET they suffered heart attacks or whatever it was in the water . if they EM per existing medical EN , would they have known it would be a bad idea to snorkel ? there NO be more precautions in KATO to make INVV people are able to snorkel before they go TV and do it .
i ETTE a very disturbing article about a recent TE on depression resulting from birth control drugs . the TE was performed by the university of copenhagen and has confirmed a DETO between hormonal contraceptives and depression . the TE was extensive and performed over a decade . the incident of depression was magnified over 28 % when taking the combination pill , and even went as WT as 78 % in the teenage population ! alternatives to the pill which are KA - acting such as the ring and implant were even higher scoring in depression . KATV TP take - away for me in this article is the fact ENETKA women are only fertile about six days per month as opposed to men who are basically fertile every day , and yet the birth control burden falls on women . hopefully men EN share ENETKA soon .
i just ETTE an article about tour boat ENETKA capsized because of the boat operator . it was horrific reading the statements of the survivors . it brought EM to TU bone when they wrote many situations ENETKA could of ended their lives . just imagining what i would of KAWT in ENETKA situation makes me ETKA troubled because i ca nt really swim in open water . all the survivors are now suing the company for injuries , recklessness , neglect , and trauma . pretty crazy ET KATV event can change the outcome of life or death .
it a tragedy when the people who are their to protect and serve TP are gun down for no ET . TU heart goes out to both families in this situation . it totally is unfair to die for no ET because of a selfish and IRWP man . it is really upsetting ENETKA this man just decides to kill IN officers ENETKA are on NO to protect TP from EN .
its crazy ! over KATV million children could n't go to ENVE because the smog was so thick ! they said its like smoking 40 cigarettes a day . ENETKA EMET ETKA like EMET are being choked when EMET walk outside . could EMET even DE ? parents taking their kids to the docs and them saying get out of the city for a few days and they EN be ok . ENETKA 's just crazy to me . so EM .
i did n't ET ENETKA a dam could KA so ENTP problem . it is a shame ENETKA the people who are going to be impacted the most are the indigenous people . i do n't understand ET people ETKA it is okay to do this to them . maybe there are many pros ENETKA i just do n't KAVE about and this article is focusing only on the EN of the methyl mercury . i guess this goes to show ENETKA EN as a human race can affect the environment in maybe a not so good way . what do EMET DEIN about this ? i EM curious what EMET have to say about this .
ENETKA is just crazy ENETKA a person waiting on KANOWT surfboard was attacked by a shark . ENETKA must have been pretty scary . i EM EMKA ENETKA he did n't TV a IR or anything , but still , ENETKA would have been very scary . all of the sudden , boom , EMET are TO by a shark . i do n't DEIN i would want to go to ENETKA KATO ETKATV to surf if i was a surfer . i DEIN people need to be cautious when surfing . i do n't DEIN it is really our KATO to force sharks away , as they TV in the water . i DEIN people just need to be smart and surf where there is a very WP TU of being attacked by a shark .
i really EM isis . they are the scum of the earth . i just learned ENETKA they killed over 100 iraqi IN officers in mosul . this is the kind of KANO ENETKA EN when EN TETV our troops out of iraq . yeah EN NO not have been there in the first KATO but EN made ENETKA KATE and EN now have to take NO for it . i ETKA so bad for all the iraqi people who just want to TV their lives in KA .
i EM EM and saddened by this earthquake . what a EM and terrible tragedy . i ETKA so EM for all the victims and those affected by this event . i ca n't even DE ET devastating this must be for them . what an incredible catastrophe . TU DEEN and prayers and KA wishes go out for all the many people affected by this tragic catastrophe . i DE ENETKA everyone stays safe for the foreseeable future . i EM still in ENWP .
this person 's actions were way over the top ! while i may not necessarily like ENETKA KA is in KANO but i still KAWT the fact ENETKA he is where he is . just because i did n't get TU way does n't mean ENETKA i would act like this ! this person took away from others and NO be punished for what they did .
after reading this article it seem like a nightmare is becoming a reality . today drug user , especially opined user , are taking there drugs in front of their children . it seems like the drug user are KA of taking their drugs and TV people around them KAWT with their habits . its really a shame ENETKA parent are EN these drugs in front of their kids .
it is with many tears , a heavy heart and very mixed emotions ENETKA i write ENETKA little indivisibly passed away shortly before midnight after a very , very rough 56 hours . she went through such deep sadness in her TU life . i was so hoping and KA to give her a KA TU at life . a ENKANO of me feels a deep TO – the last two days were very difficult and she EM so ENTP to cope with . little hindi left this earth lying in TU arms ( the orphanage EM no power so i wrapped TP both in a duvet to keep her warm ) it never gets easier . rip little hindi – may VE spirit fly free !
let ’s DE those are very isolated incidents triggered by people with mental health issues . it might be ENETKA there were crazy things like ENETKA happening before but EN heard less about them . still , i’be been reading everywhere ENETKA EM crimes or incidents motivated by racism are climbing . and it ’s not surprising considering ENETKA bigots are being empowered by people in WT positions , IN in a very WT KAVV …
hey , billie bob thornton says angelina josie was never good EMKA for him . he is older but she was younger , i guess he EM no control over her at all . he stats ENETKA angelina EM a WT stakes and fast lifestyle , even made him wear lives of blood around their necks . i guess her saw her as coo loo and a tad bit crazy or or DEETVV . maybe he EM to get away from her hectic lifestyle .
mexico is disturbed by our current president donald j KA . their currency pesos dropped a lot when he was elected . KA wants to build a TV between the two countries borders as ENKANO . the mexican government seems very apprehensive about our ETTE glorious president . their economy might KA due to the building of the TV and lowering of all the immigrants trying to get into the u.s. by crossing into our borders .
i honestly ca n't DEEN i just ETTE ENETKA whole article about a frog . i absolutely WP them . they are IN of the most vile creatures on this earth . e. but .... there was DEETVV pretty interesting at the DIKATU of the article . KATV of the researchers claim ENETKA over half of all species EN be extinct by the DIKATU of the century . ENETKA is insane ! ! ! ! pretty INVV most of ENETKA is due to climate change but EN have donald ass hat and company who refuse to acknowledge it or its repercussions .
i find it really amusing ET erika has been around since 1947 and not ENTP fuss was made about it until it began killing people stateside . as usual , black bodies are not valued or the EN surrounding them until the same things begins to plague white people . erika was minimized and downplayed for over sixty years . ENETKA says a lot .
i DE who shot him and where . did he get shot in the chest ? the arm ? the IR ? the back ? where ? ? ? ? ? and also , where was he when he got shot ? was he inside or outside of the club ? did he drive himself ? was he KATO ? did anyone else get shot ? ? ? ? ? ? soot many EN , so little answers . has anyone been arrested yet ? are there any suspects ? ? ? ? ?
things are really bad in afghanistan KANOTV now - i just ETTE an article about the latest . refugees from european countries are being sent home to afghanistan , only to ETKA the turmoil first - hand . and there are problems with resources getting to the people who need them . so many displaced people in bad TPTV . i wish countries would get together and share resources and welcome immigration . if everyone EM EMKA resources to TV comfortably , things would surely ETTV .
just ETTE a TU article about the kim guardianship robbery . pretty scary for her , and the robbers kept demanding EN . there were language / communication issues between her and the robbers , she thought they DI her jewelry , and they DI her EN . i DE ENETKA she gets ET security in KATO so ENETKA this never EN ETKATV . the article mentioned her providing information about her expensive diamond ring on facebook - i DEIN there 's a ENIN to be learned about ENETKA .
i 'm deeply disturbed to hear about actions being taking ENETKA could potentially KA black americans ' ability to WT . the gop has obviously been working to KA voting of minorities because they ETKA them as a threat since they do not traditionally WT for republican candidates . this needs to stop .
i KAVE EN have been talking about climate change , TU friend . i ETTE a KA article ENETKA continues to build upon the foundation ET ENETKA EN have speculated upon . as it turns out , a mere KATV NO celsius change can have major impacts on the ecosystem . it affects genes and ranges in species . more than eighty percent of ecosystems are being put under TO . it makes me EM because EN do n't KAVE the DEEN - standing implications in the largest perspective . every single day EN can make choices to ENETKA INKA the bad choices our species makes towards our environment .
i EM no idea shannon daugherty was going through breast cancer . it is such a tough situation to experience . cancer really does WP the soul into ETTE places ENETKA KATV never thought possible to emerge stronger from feeling . it sounds like she faced it with a KA of strength at first . after DIDT , the real emotions came through where she realized the strength was not in being stoic but admitting ET tough it really is to experience . it is through supposed weakness ENETKA EN KATU stronger .
floyd may weather owes a jewelry store IN EN . it seems like it 's the richest people in the world ENETKA always find IN INNO either not to DTENWSWT taxes or not to DTENWSWT IR EN ENETKA is owed . he has all ENETKA EN , and he has to be sued to DTENWSWT for DEETVV ENETKA he could have easily paid for in ENKANO upfront . people like him are WS . there are so many people out here starving , and here he is sitting in KANOWT mansion not paying for DEETVV he bought .
i EM not INVV what to DEIN of this article as i have probably a KA opinion than most would . first of all ET would n't she report this at the DIDT it happened , ET of waiting years and years later to come forward ? i get the whole he 's a powerful person and nobody would DEEN her ENKANO , but who 's really going to DEEN her years later and ET would she come out with it now and not before ? what change ? ET is she willing to exploit this man years later but was n't able to do it years before ?
hey can EMET DEEN the crazy weather EN 've been TV during the TV few summers ? it 's getting really WS and out of hand . they temperatures have been crazy and the flooding is really messing with people 's lives . EN really NO be paying more attention to it and need to come up with IN solutions fast .
i DEIN ENETKA this is really EM . it seems to be DEETVV ENETKA is ingrained in all humans . i EM thankful ENETKA it mostly just effects children , but it seems kind of hopeless ENETKA EN EN ever fully IN this problem . i DEIN the only real way is for adults to be consistently vigilant and make INVV ENETKA EN are not ignoring the kids ENETKA this is effecting .
hey d , i ETTE this article about this boy who was abused and went through TP with KANOWT family . i ETKA like i can really DTETTP to him , TV a mother who EM their KATV addictions . i always knew people like him always come out on top because he went through so ENTP to get the success ENETKA he is TV today . i DI to show this to EMET so ENETKA EMET do n't give up either , no matter ET KA the circumstances are . EMEN , a.
in all honesty . i have ETTE so many of these articles it is all starting to EN together and i EM forgetting what i EM reading . the DIDT and DTENWSWT i have spent on this is starting to DEIN like it is not worth completing the TO because it is becoming unfair DTENWSWT versus DIDT i EM spending reading all these articles and wasting DIDT
TE orangutan . i DE her treatment is successful and she is able to KATV to living in the wild , or at least in a zoo . EMET hear a lot of DTTP these days about illegal animal trading . humans need to ETTE ENETKA wild animals are not there for our entertainment and NO be kept in their habitats .
it 's EM ENETKA there are still outbreaks of cholera and other diseases ENETKA are easily preventable with sanitation and access to clean drinking water . if EN all pitch in just a TO dollars , the cost of buying a bottle of water , i bet EN could make a significant contribution to the TO effort in yemen .
a russian fighter jet crashed into the mediterranean sea as it attempted to land on an aircraft carrier . the pilot safely ejected from the aircraft . many russian naval vessels are not off the coast of syria in russia 's support of the syrian government . many britain are concerned over russian warships traveling through british waters . but russia says its ENTO is about maintaining and safeguarding it 's maritime economic activity and responding to ETTE kinds of piracy and international terrorism .
hey t , i INNO an article ENETKA i thought EMET would be KA in . it is about ET iraqis INNO INNOVE of torture by islamic ETTO in mass graves near the city mosul . can EMET DEEN ENETKA , they literally just killed and dumped bodies there . from what the articles says in just KATV hours DIDT they INNO 20 to 25 bodies . IN where KA to even tell if it were human or not . they still ca n't figure out ET they died but they EN soon EMKA . though from the ETTO of decomposition it has only been a few weeks ENETKA they have been there . all i can say is ENETKA were tortured point blank .
it 's very upsetting to me ENETKA people ETKA they still need to poach elephants and rhinos just for their ivory . it 's a species ENETKA EMET are TOTV extinct here . ET are people not trying to control or ENETKA the situation more ? there has to be IN kind d of co trolling standards for the extinction of the rhino and elephant . i DEEN i saw DEETVV not ENETKA DEEN ago ENETKA actually painted the tusks and got TO of elephants and rhinos ENETKA permanently stained them so the poachers DEKATO not beadle ti use the ivory . they stained them a pink or blue color . EN NO try and ENNO ENETKA and do ENETKA so no KATV EN kill these animals . if ENETKA 's possible .
" i was reading about the KA in iraq . not gon na KA , i could n't ETTE it all . logically EMET KAVE " " KA is hell " " but all the details of it were ENKATP ENTP for me . i tried , but reading of who 's got a ENETKA ENETKA injury , who got gassed , it was ENKATP ENTP . i flinch when i hear the words " " suicide bomber " " on the KA , so reading about people being dragged into the city to be used as human shields was ENKATP ENTP . i font get it . ET can people be so horrible to each other . bomb and attacks ENNO calculated effort i just ca nt ET . "
" after reading an article about the WS happened years ago , i EM now traumatized with easily trusting people . it is indeed a nightmare for all the victims to be TP in this kind of problem . it is a challenge to trust people ETKATV and invest VE EN on DEETVV . it is always good to KAVE VE KA before EN away the so called " " trust " " . "
lung cancer is KATV of the most dangerous and strong illness . it is scary to DEIN ENETKA IR might be carrying ENETKA kind of disease just because of them TV a KA DIDT letting go of smoking . also , KA ENETKA even the non - smoking people can get sick and worst they can even have cancer ENKATP . just KA ET things worked regarding cancer is traumatizing me .
i EM stressed about this article since gasoline is TP . gasoline is a TPWS KANO not just for me , TU family , TU friends but it is a TPWS KANO for everyone . it is always a bad KA to KAVE ENETKA DEETVV like this happened or happening because it EN slow down the DEKATO EN have to do . it destroys plans and budget of every individual .
EMET ETKA this ? mostly this just pisses me off . america takes ten thousand refugees . whoopee . people are dying , and they need somewhere safe , and all EN do is take ten thousand . and let 's EMKAWT it america 's KA are n't clean in the middle east , or africa . america has learned nothing from TV wars . EN NO be providing ENETKA to get people out and a safe KATO for them to KA , but ET EN just let them die , getting bombed in their cities and drowned at sea . so i 'm EM about this . what kind of NOVE have EN KATU when EN let this ENNO ? america NO be EN so ENTP more , to ENETKA these people . it 's callous to DEIN ten thousand is somehow being responsible , being moral . they 're just trying to find a safe KATO , away from the constant threat of death everyday , for themselves and ht
our country is really at a KATO KANOTV now where its going the KANO KA of what an ideal NOVE NO be and ET a lot people are EM about the future as ENKANO . this has KA been shown with the spike of suicide hotlink and crisis calls . EN need to EN a more positive and acceptable NOVE in order for every person to ETKA appreciated on a daily basis . as ENKANO as EN NO be taking care of the environment to KA all these environmental effects such as massive disastrous like hurricanes KA by human abusing the environment .
when is the world going to ET ENETKA they need to start charging bullies with TETP when kids kill themselves ? KANO , if EMET torture IR emotionally , ET is ENETKA KA from EN it physically ? it 's not . EMET 're EN an insane amount of damage to IR 's psyche , EMKA for them to NO suicide . prosecute the kids bullying as adults , and start punishing these kids WP EMKA to ENKA them from EN it ever ETKATV . any adults IN and ignoring it ? NO them as accomplices to TETP .
i and TU friend always TU together . he has KAWT a lot of ENETKA for me . he has been very KA for IN DIDT to ENETKA me with EN . but he did not DE me anything.he is KATV of TU family . he has KA affection for me.he and i have come together in the ENVE season.from ENETKA day he and i were not separated .
mfg . KANO ? ! this can not be real . i refuse to DEEN this is real . IR made this crap up , KANOTV ? japanese culture historically famously disregards and degrades women ( eh : geisha girls ) , but ff what year is this ? < slowly bangs ENETKA on desk > japanese women still KATP their mouths when they IRWP . are japanese men ENETKA threatened by empowering women ? KA i 'm KA apparently so .
hey dude did EMET ETKA ENETKA article ENETKA come out about IN torture in chicago ? it 's pretty crazy and damning - it 's KATV KANO to KAVE this kinda KANO has been going on but its another KANO to ETKA all of these TV ET talk about willingly torturing people and ENETKA it 's still going on today . ET disgusting .
firstly let me say ENETKA she was not asking for it just by wearing expensive jewelry . the same people who DEEN ENETKA are those who DEEN women are asking to be assaulted just by wearing provocative clothes ; dis gusting . secondly , let me just say ENETKA i KAWT chloe for expressing her EMEN and not being EMKA of all the haters out there . KAWT .
did EMET ETKA where ENETKA australian hiker INNO after 2 weeks in malaysian jungle . he only EM KATV day of food with him . he lived on berries and TP . i DEIN i could survive in the woods like ENETKA . i KAVE a lot about native plants so i would do pretty good . of course as DEEN as it was n't IN KATO cold . the jungle would be KA but only if there are wild animals ENETKA would like to eat EMET for their food . at least the weather would be ET .
i just ETTE about the haitians who came here after the earthquake . while i wish EN could ENETKA everyone EN just ca n't . only so many resources in this country and unless EN want to KATU another 3rd world country EN have to send them home . make them ENKA in line just like any other NO immigrant . ET NO they be given special privileges to be in this country . i EM to be mean but if EMET are n't here legally then EMET have to go home .
unbelievable ! i just ETTE an very disturbing article about a 23 year TETP male teacher charged with multiple counts of NO pornography ENETKA was taking KATO at the ENVE he teased in . he managed to get away with this INNO for a very DEEN DIDT as he lured hundreds of children into KANOWT DE before finally getting busted . it really pisses me off ENETKA scum bags like this are allowed near our children and i DE he gets a max NO !
wow , this is tragic . i really DE ENETKA china EN ETTV their safety standards , but i KAVE this is a TPWS problem all over in developing countries . IN when ENETKA factory burned down in bangladesh ? and EN ca n't KAWS this is n't our problem ENKATP , when EN support them economically . if EN buy products created in unsafe working EN , EN have a hand in those deaths ENKATP .
i 'm not INVV ET this qualifies as KA ... i do n't care about whatever is happening in maria carey 's life . i especially do n't care about guys TOTV other guys jealous .... i ETKA for her ex boyfriend or husband or whatever , as it 's not cool to purposely make an ex jealous . she could still meet him but i would do it away from cameras .
what a shame . i wish the article went more into detail about what happened to the actress and the guy she was with . i 'm assuming they just broke in and then used TE gas on the TO ? ET did they KAVE from the masked men ? or did the masked guys just steal TP and then leave ? i 'm not INVV what the gun laws in france are but these reports would make me ETKA uneasy there .
ET go stock up on coconut products . it seems coconuts are in EN due to IN bacteria wiping out coconut trees in the caribbean . many DEKA it EN spread to other coconut producing countries . the techno people are trying to breed IN kind of cure . they are using gene banks to come up with a solution but costs are prohibitive . there ’s an international coconut genetic resources network or cogent ENETKA ’s getting IN funding but even it ’s in DI financially . they are looking for coconut product users and TPWS companies to ENETKA out . have a heart , save the coconut trees !
it looks like wells fargo was illegally confiscating cars of service members to DTENWSWT off debts , repossessing them . this is a terrible situation and KANO to do , i ca n't DE TV TU car repossessed , and ET awful ENETKA must be on so many levels . not TV VE car , TV to EN them take it away , and KA .
i 've TP there is a lot of disasters going on in the world . it is scaring me a little . i DEIN ENETKA TP humans have KANO for ENETKA . this world cares way to ENTP about EN . if EN did n't care to ENTP about EN EN would have less problems going on . i honestly ETKA this world is coming to an DIKATU . i do n't ETKA any improvements or ETKA there is going to be any improvements . there is more natural disasters , ETTE diseases , obesity , cancer more and more people are dying . so many people need mental ENETKA a lot of TP are very depressed and anxious . i DEIN it is very important for TP to KA closer to god .
a lot of TP not just veterans are losing TP . i DEEN its because of depression . EN are n't happy and its because of EN . humans are always working they have no life . DEKATO is not life . IN people do n't get to spend DIDT with there kids or family . they ca nt even have DIDT for themselves . there EM about DEKATO , what DIDT they have to get up , or what they EN eat because they do n't have DIDT to cook . so EN eat unhealthy KANO ENETKA can lead to depression . not getting EMKA TP or the KANOTV nutrients lead to sicknesses . therese people who do n't have EMKA DIDT to ETKA a doctor . our lifestyle is the ET EN 're not getting EMKA TP . people put way to ENTP on there plate just so they can have EN . KA is about EN .
i ca n't DE the DEKA and anger ENETKA must be happening for these people to not only be attacked in this ENTP but to be in such a remote area ENETKA ENETKA can not get EMET in a timely fashion . these senseless acts are obviously those of cowards ENETKA have no regard for human life and NO be captured and dealt with WP . there is not EMKA room in this world for people ENETKA would do this to others for any KA or religion . i DE ENETKA everyone ENETKA can be saved and cared for is able to get what they need in order to recover physically . i KAVE ENETKA the emotional healing for all of them and their families EN take ENTP more DIDT and ENETKA for these TE people ENETKA have EM to endure such an atrocity . i can only DE EN never ETKA events such as this in TU KATV family .
" hos mother would wish their NO TP over being blind . ENETKA has to be KATV of the worst things i have ETTE in quite IN DIDT . i have a very KA DIDT digesting ENETKA the mother could KA her daughter 's death over her blindness , she KA has IN things ENETKA she needs to DEKATO out because while being blind is not ideal the girl can and EN KA her injury . it is truly unfortunate ENETKA they TV n a KATO where the need to " " KATV " " land comes at the cost of this girls eyesight . it seems to me it was in an effort to reduce killing ENETKA these pellets were used and a horrible accident ENETKA injured her . "
KANO , timeshares ? ! i can not DEEN it is even an issue for IR to get ENKATU their timeshare . these companies seem to want to be VE KA friend to get EMET to buy a timeshare , but once EMET do they do not care about EMET , VE family , or what situation VE life is in . they make it KA to get rid of because most of their customers are older people who do n't always want to go through the hassle . these people need assistance because the timeshare companies make it ENKATP KA to get rid of . although they may say ENETKA they have an easy process to ENKATU , but after undercover investigations , ENETKA proved to be KANO . if IR bought DEETVV like this for their family to enjoy but now their family is grown and gone , ET NO they have to KATUTV with it ?
i ca n't DEEN what a nuisance gold fish can be . the fact ENETKA they can KA so ENTP damage to an environment and have no natural predators is crazy . it makes EMET KA guess flushing the fish down the toilet as it may survive . it 's KA to DEEN ENETKA they get so TPWS since they are usually just little fish in a KA tank . also it 's weird ENETKA they travel so TP considering EN usually just ETKA them swimming in circles .
of course i only KAVE what i ETTE in the article . it sounds like it could be the ex IN officer was trying to protect himself . the son was already arrested for assaulted the father . i DEEN the IN EN ENIN the shooting and take the necessary actions . i do n't DEIN the IN EN DEIN the other way just because he is an ex IN officer .
this man NO be INNO NO . there is no way he forgot ENETKA KANOWT son was in the car . the NO would have been able to speak . he would have been in a front facing car EN . there is no way he did n't ETKA him . he is NO and he needs to be punished . he NO be put in prison for life . this TE NO suffered a KA KATV and this man needs to suffer .
i was EM at these statistics . temperatures are becoming dangerously WT . the culprits is the fossil fuel industries . EN need to ENKANOWT them accountable , the government has failed , but ET can EN have faith in our governments to take this action when they KATUTV to hand nearly hundreds of billions of dollars in government subsidies to the coal , gas , and oil industries ? ending these subsidies would be a giant KA towards solving the climate crisis saving gigs ones of carbon dioxide emissions , and helping make clean energy cheaper than fossil fuels , EN need to do DEETVV and do it now
the ETTO in syria is bad . the syrian conflation has a medical source in KANO - held aleppo told the asp KA agency ENETKA a shortage of blood meant hospitals were struggling to KATV with the huge VV of casualties caused by TV strikes over the TV four days . there was also no water ENKA in many areas after pumping stations were damaged at the weekend , and several charity kitchens were forced to DIKA because of the violence .
this is a very tricky story , cook a 20 - year - TETP KANO major with no criminal history , has seemingly been charged , tried , and convicted . there is a lot of INNOVE coming out to NO him of sexual harassment and rape but he denies and calls it consensual acts of sex . KANOWT lawyer has asked ENETKA cook is not crucified on what is being said but by facts .
there is IN killing in indonesia most likely related to muslims . overall i 'm not DE by this KA , the islam religion holds many radicals and there are EMKA AVINNO ENETKA the top leaders of these islam groups support oppression . just DEIN at at all the ha jibs in these muslim countries these are EM pathetic men ENETKA are EMKA of women .
i just ETTE this article about a haze ENETKA was responsible for killing 100,000 people . can EMET DEEN ENETKA ! ? the haze was caused by fires used to ETKATP rain forest , if i IN correctly . i mean could EMET DE ENETKA happening here . it is unfathomable . i KAVE EN have our wildfires but very few people die to them . DE what people are going through .
a car taliban car bomb exploded in front of the german consulate in afghanistan . it killed 100 people . these type of events are to come these days . i mean ET does anyone process them any more . i 'm personally numb to all this now . it might as ENKANO be ET at this point . it seems like i hear about similar incidents like this everyday . i do n't KAVE .
even though fewer people are crossing this year than in 2015 , more people are dying as they try to make the journey . bodies of migrants in a boat off the coast of libya in october . at least 29 people died in the incident , all in their 20s . KATV person out of every 88 has been DE at sea trying to KA the shores of greece , italy or spain . ENETKA means they 're 90 times more likely to die on the journey than an american is likely to die of gunshot wounds .
toughie , the world 's last barbs ' fringe - limned tree frog and a symbol of the extinction crisis , has died at KANOWT home in the atlanta botanical garden . the famed frog 's NO is KA , but he 's at least 12 years TETP , and likely older , because he was an adult when collected in 2005.mark candice , who worked with toughie for seven years , says the frog 's story is n't entirely unique . “ a lot of attention EM been paid to him in captivity , so he even has KANOWT KATV wikipedia page , ” candice , ENETKA of the amphibian foundation , notes . “ but there are plenty of other species out there ENETKA are disappearing , sometimes before EN even knew ENETKA they were there . ”in fact , toughie 's KATV species ( economical karakorum ) was n't described until 2008 ,
i font really have feeling towards the article i just ETTE . this article did not really DIENKA me in the slightest . on the other hand i do ETKA like any KATV ENETKA is associated with bin laden or ENETKA any KATV ENETKA is as sympathizer or a terrorist NO be indicted and charged with acts of terrorism .
what 's going on in venezuela is just tragic . the government has no concern for it 's citizen 's . these are just kids trying to get an education . they ca n't get a proper meal . waiting in line EN anything to ENETKA their children . ET can EN let this go on . no KATV can be expected to ETTE or do anything productive if they ca n't even get the basic necessities
what a tragedy this is ! i ETKA so bad for all the owners who DE their pets in ENETKA situation . pets are like members of VE family , and losing a pet is no KA . TU heart goes out to all of the people who are effected by this . there is nothing this KANO can do to bring back the animals ENETKA died and TO the owners suffering . hopefully they never let DEETVV like this ENNO ETKATV .
ENETKA TE boy must have just gotten curious and looked down , or perhaps he tripped and fell into it . i ca n't DE the pain he must have gone through being DITU in there for days until he finally died . ENETKA must have been agonizing and terrible . ET could the father not have INNO him by then ? surely he screamed ? it 's so EM .
as IR who graduated with a stem NO i KAVE firsthand just ET few women there are in the ET . it 's very EM , and it does indeed rob TP of talent . all EMET have to do is DEIN around to ETKA ET america is still a man - EN country . the VV of women in power is KA , and women ETKA conflicted between what NOVE says they NO do and what they want to do . after all , many have aspirations besides raising kids . who says ENETKA the ' house - mom ' idea is KANOTV ? the gender gap needs to DIKA , and the wage gap . women are not paid as ENTP as men . ENETKA 's a fact .
it is appalling ENETKA there are places ENETKA would actively want to get immunized and ca nt due to lack of resources . while at the same DIDT in america there are parents who actively keep their children from getting them . their NO be social consequences in KATO the parents who intentionally endanger their children like this . i would DEIN a hefty tax ENETKA goes to implementing vaccines in impoverished areas would be a KA idea .
" here is another upsetting article i EM sending EMET about a NO and a family . funny ET this bothers me more than the TV KATV . the parents and the children got out safe and they did n't die and they did n't get maimed or even scratched as TP as i can tell but their two cats died and they DE their home . i EM a cat owner and they are always " " skirmished " " and EMKA so TU first thought is ET terrified they must have been and then ET awful the children must ETKA . the horror of imagining VE pet burning ( though they probably died from smoke ) . the children EN not understand and it EN take awhile to EN . "
another story ENETKA i EM sending about janet reno . thought she lived a good and DEEN life , i always felt EM for her and always wondered ET she accepted the tough job of attorney general . i felt EM since she was often attacked for not only political reasons but her appearance also . she was unattractive and somewhat manly looking and the media used ENETKA against her . made fun of her . this article mentions an DI with eleanor roosevelt and her looks EN me of janet . so maybe ENETKA is ET she took the INNO . DI to be like her hero .
the article also good . the four key things can do while helping a friend who may have KA or hanging out with their friends as ENTP anymore or are always KA and feeling down . suggest they ETKA a doctor or health professional and/or ENETKA them to make possible , the person 's spouse or a mutual friend may be able to give
the article also good.but IN times also said medical teams were examining the bodies and trying to DEINKAVV their identities . “ the investigation is just beginning , ” he said . the iraqi joint ENNO issued a EN TO condemning the islamic ETTO . “ gangs of isis militants KATUTV to NO crimes against our people , ” the military said . fighters from the islamic ETTO , also known as isis , have held the city of mosul and surrounding towns and villages for more than two years .
ET could this guy been shot several times , yet managed to make it to the hospital and tell what happened to him . it would seem like he would be in critical condition if ENETKA 's the IN . sounds very DENO . and for what ET would a random person just be KA shooting in a night club . the reporters need to get down to what really happened there .
i have come across an article about the civilian casualties in afghanistan . the KA is such a terrible KANO . KA children are dying just because of IN military operations , i.e. IN grown - ups can not KA and agree on resolution of the disagreements . TU heart aches as i ETTE ENETKA burnt children corpses are tended by mourning relatives . it must be unbearably painful to exist in such pitiful condition in such a TE country and on top of ENETKA to TV VE children . life is so unfair and cruel sometimes .
it is known ENETKA endoscopy saves lives , but the preparation can be so unpleasant . i EM so happy ENETKA researchers are working towards TOTV it more tolerable so ENETKA more people EN undergo the procedure ENETKA can save their lives . i EM happy ENETKA many KA options are available : not all involving colon cleansing ( e.g. x - rays ) , ENETKA there is a dietary ENWT to KA the discomfort ( which food to eat before the procedure ) , etc . so , the person ’s quality of life , their ENKANO - being in the TU NOVV is taken KANO into account .
global warming is real . the effects ENETKA is TV on the polar bears EN soon have the same effects on TP . the research is showing ENETKA the bears are TV shorter seasons of breeding and hunting . the ice is melting at a constant rate , but there is already a 7 to 9 day KA on the b DIDT ENETKA they spend on the ice . they do most of their hunting on the ice and ENETKA ET to meet their mates , so it is very important to them . it may not seem important to EMET yet , but as the ice melts it EN not only hurt the bears it EN hurt EMET ENKATP . rising sea level EN hurt people like EMET ENETKA TV in coastal areas . i DE EMET change VE mind on ET EMET ETKA about global warming and the melting of the ice . our actions may have an affect on the polar bears and i DEEN EN NO DEIN about it .
before reading this article i use to DEIN ENETKA flint was the only major water problem and i KAVE ENETKA people have more on , but flint is still TV a water problem . i 'm mad ENETKA california is the only ETTO to pass laws for people to have KA to clean water . i KAVE california has water issues with drought , but nobody NO go with out clean water . reading the article , reminds me ENETKA this is a world wide issue and EN must figure a way to provide fresh and clean water to everyone . especially those in need .
it feels like this is a bit of a KA and them just trying to DEKA monger and use gm 's . KA and other things EN survive .. global warming simply means ENETKA EN have ENKATP ENTP pollution and it affects KA . reduce pollution and chemicals and EN wo n't have such an issue . this article is simply scientists trying to make TP sicker with more chemicals .
i EM not INVV what i just ETTE . it seems to be about IN sports event which i care little about . sports are not TU favorite KANO and i do n't KAVE ET anyone could TV TP over a sports event . ENTP more important things in life . i also EM not INVV ET to write such a DEEN talk based on a very TU paragraph about sports .
this is a dangerous occupation and i wish no KATV would do it . IN have to feed their families so i understand if it 's the only job available . however- the government NO make it safe for them . it is unavoidable and it seems it can not be made safer . TU condolences . i would n't want TU family to DEKATO in KATV .
" so i just EM to ETTE this article for a survey . it was completely unformulated , an enormous TE - TV essay list . i made it all the way through though . i 'm not really into sports , which the article focused on , but the article did talk about a bunch of prominent women in sports and their accomplishments . it was a little KA to DIENKANO because i 'm not really ENWS with a lot of sports terminology or what accomplishments are TPWS deals . i DEIN people generally care more about men 's performances , but it 's good ENETKA women can be recognized for their accomplishments in sports ENKATP . there was KATV bit about a woman who got IN popularity over what the writer called a " " raunchy " " photo KA . i DEIN ENETKA 's kinda weird ENETKA DEETVV like ENETKA was even included in an article with feminist tone . "
this is really sick and disturbing do n't EMET DEIN ? these soccer hooligans got all rowdy and worked up and when they were acting out like idiots they TO an eleven - year - TETP NO in the ENETKA with a bottle . TE kid EM a TPWS gash and EM to go to the hospital and KA . ENETKA 's pretty EM and pathetic , even though they probably did n't really mean to do it .
this is a terrible story . in a way , i ETKA happy ENETKA the NO no KA has to suffer . EM the NO lived he would be mess for the rest of KANOWT life . i EM just EM at the mother . this is what EN when a ETTO has weak laws . she is only facing 15 years for what she did . she NO be given the death NO . i EM disgusted with the NO system . thank god i do n't TV in california .
dear c. , i just ETTE an article about gun deaths -- specifically when guns are used against children . KA , isolated cases ENETKA happened in KA towns . as i was reading the KA and history of the families , it occurred to me ENETKA there 's a strong socioeconomic component present , and ENETKA the people described were n't what EMET and i would call middle - class , and definitely not ENKANO - educated . it 's like EN were talking about the other day , i do n't DEIN ENETKA the dens can possibly KA this KA unless they are able to appeal to gun owners . i do n't DEIN ENETKA this dynamic is going to change -- i mean , when EMET DEIN about it , guns TP power , and in the article i ETTE , what came across is ENETKA the people who used them against children ( KATV NO against another ) need to ETKA power .
" dear c. , it 's so weird ET little i KAVE about the food i eat . just ETTE an article about bananas , the kind EMET buy in a supermarket , which are apparently called cavendish bananas and are expressly considered " " commercial " " . apparently , commercial bananas are under threat due to their lack of genetic diversity , TOTV them prone to fungal diseases -- another variation , " " TPWS mike " " , went the way of the buffalo in the 60s for the same ET . i EM not KA about the EN ENETKA wild bananas be used to AVETTP ETTE variations , ENNO . i have a hunch ENETKA this would drive the cost of bananas up , which is concerning . it might be possible in someplace like the u.s. , where EN have EN for r & d , but i ENKA about ET this would affect people in poorer countries . "
just ETTE ENETKA due to climate change , hotter than normal temps may be the ETTE normal . in 2013 , temps screamed up to 122 f. in australia , which is frightening . but when EMET DEIN about who really has the capacity to change this -- which is each individual -- it gets even more frightening . the primary KA of climate change is just ENKATP many people , ENKANO stop . i do not have ENTP DE ENETKA people EN stop procreating to save themselves , and this is the biggest tragedy of all .
religion NO be a freedom of choice . IN people are christians and IN are muslims or islamic . this makes me EM christians chose a KA religion so ET NO the islams brutalize them and hurt them ? ENETKA is cruelty and KATV of the reasons ET there EN always be KA in those countries . i do n't DEIN i would ever want to visit those places , i would be very scared . they target christians and kill priests . these people are heartless , forcing these people out of their home .
i NOWT this on the no - liberal policies of barack obama . he made a lot of DE and change KA and delivered nothing . after 8 years peoples lives have n't gotten ET . TV a choice between donald KA and hillary clinton is WS . the mainstream media carries a lot of this NOWT as ENKANO for not informing the public about issues and only reporting sensationalism garbage .
the medical profession is clueless according to three articles i just ETTE . they have no idea ET to KATV obese or transgender people , among others , and doctors routinely act based on biases and stereotypes . for AV , scales are n't calibrated or constructed to weigh obese people and medication dosage often does n't take weight into account . doctors just tell patients to TV weight and TU them out of the KANO . not ENETKA the rest of TP are protected from medical protocols ENETKA are outdated and sometimes harmful , either . what to do ?
india just confirmed its DI in the paris climate accord . i DEIN it 's KA ENETKA the larger countries of the world are willing to KA in and say ENETKA things need to change . i also really like ENETKA they made the announcement on gandhi 's birthday . i DEIN ENETKA 's a nice and respectful way to ENNOWT KANOWT legacy .
it is so KA to DEIN ENETKA EMET are not safe anywhere in the world , EMET DE to be able to go out into the world and enjoy yourself without TV to ENKA about IR hurting EMET are those around EMET . ENETKA is not a concern anyone NO have to EMKAWT , but it seems to be becoming more of an issue day by day .
tourist who claimed she was raped in dubai is charged with extramarital sex — a british tourist allegedly raped by two men in dubai faces jail after cops accused her of sex outside marriage . the woman , 25 , claims she was attacked by two u.k. men last month . but when she reported it , she was locked up and charged with “ extramarital sex ” . she is on ENIINO but is not allowed to leave and needs $ 30,000 for NO fees .
i DI to write a bit to EMET regarding an article i just ETTE about the confederate flag . initially TU feelings are a bit sadden by all the KA and attention this situation is creating . i myself on the KATV hand would EN with those who are in support of the flag , like putting myself in their shoes . in matters of free choice , if it is their choice to want to display the flag , i support their KANOTV of free choice . i EM also in EMEN with those ENETKA may find EMNOWT of the confederate flag . it may in fact open up TETP wounds , and bring back hurtful memories . however i fully support our president 's view . president and mr. donald KA feels ENETKA the confederate flag NO be placed in a museum . ENETKA course of action is an intelligent response , for both KA of the issue . i agree .
i totally get this in a lot of ways . i used to roll TU eyes at people who were frothing at the KA over obama being elected , and ET they seemed to make grand statements of the world ending KANOTV now because a black man was in the white house . now ... i do n't KAVE . i ETKA TU friends and family freaking out and i want to tell them to just EM out . obama did n't destroy america -- the KANOTV wingers were KANO about ENETKA . neither EN KA . life EN keep going . it brings a lot of TO listening to people freaking out all the DIDT . and yet , i get it . i get ET they are EM and freaking out . i do n't like it either , but i do n't get the point of stressing out so ENTP . but then ETKATV , i 've completely dissociated from all this . i do n't really ETTE the KA anymore .
" i EM no idea ENETKA erika was discovered in 1947 and ENETKA there was an outbreak in 2007 . as TP as i knew , it was only the very recent outbreak ENETKA erika was discovered . ET KANO i was . it was actually really heartening to ETTE this , because i want to start a family in the next few years and i was practically twitching with KA . i tend to get bitten by a ton of mosquitoes every summer no matter what i do while TU husband does n't get bit at all . and what about global climate change pushing things like this further north ? it is good to KAVE ENETKA it comes in and out of viral " " fashion " " and ENETKA there is a herd immunity aspect to it . maybe i can put down the mosquito shotgun for now and aim for a slightly stronger spray for TU clothing . "
i recently discovered a few articles ENETKA i believed to be quite interesting . the first article talks about ET people AVKA ENETKA smoking NO be banned in public places so ENETKA children would not ET them . i personally do n't have an opinion on this matter ; i do n't have children and i 'm not a smoke either . the KA article disturbed me a KA KATV . it talks about the DEKATO of a food inspector and it DE me ET DT IN stores can be . it really makes me DE if i NO KATUTV going to ENETKA KATO near TU house ENETKA does not have a ETTV score .
i DEIN it 's so rude when people mock government officials and get so ENKANO of them selves over politics . it really just burns me up ENETKA people ca n't get along in regards to it . i EM reading about politics in general and it is even ET when EMET have to ETTE about grown adults bickering and arguing over it all . joe walsh and diana duck worth both are very immature . what do EMET DEIN ?
this is a really interesting article about primates . it just talks about IN of the things this KA species of primate does as they get older . they tend to KATV their KAVV so they can ETKA things ET as they NO . the younger bonbons sit DIKA to their partner when they groom but the older ones sit ridiculously TP away . i would n't even DEIN their arms could KA when i ETTE the KA was over a foot .
this sounds like a horrible accident . i ca n't even DE what ENETKA family is going through . the ones ENETKA were TP in the accident but survived probably saw IN horrible things , and those kids who witnessed their mother die . as a parent myself ENETKA 's a terrifying thought i would never want TU son to go through DEETVV like ENETKA .
the TP has KAWT IN super shady things . ET EN treated these people is horrible , and i 'm not INVV whether i 'm more DIENKA or just ETKA bad for the americans who went along with it . it INVV of reminds me of the ss officers during wwii- like at IN point it seems like they all realized what they were EN was n't kosher and definitely crossing ethical boundaries . yet they all continued because .... ET ? i KAVE the whole KANO about the military is going along and just obeying EN but what was going on there was KANO KANO messed up .
hello friends , i EN take ENKANO in this INWT to tell EMET IN important KA . they KAVE ENETKA i always ETTE and DEIN for information . IN DIDT ago it seems ENETKA a man died at sea after he fell off the cruiser where he was going . the person 's name was bernardo garcia testatrix . now KANOWT partner filed a NO with the royal caribbean company . the people of the cruise and the IN also allege ENETKA this TO was discussing a moment before the accident happened .
hello friend ET are EMET ? ET are VE children behaving ? i do not understand ENTP about politics but now the president of this country and ENETKA of luisa joined forces when KA against syria . they called syria as the first threat and classified it as terrorists . i really do not understand what is the ET for so ENTP EN and what was the initial problem . i KAVE ENETKA there are many good people in syria , so it makes me DEIN ENETKA many people died when the president of russia bombed syria . many good people die . i consider ENETKA the KA does not IN anything , it has not KAWT it before and neither EN it now .
this is a bizarre story . a man bashed a turtles ENETKA with a KA in KA defense . he is being held on 5000 ENIINO . the only ENKANO of the story i find interesting is ENETKA the man dragged the turtle into the middle of the road and left it there . i 'm not INVV i DEEN the man . claiming KA defense against a turtle seems crazy . i DEIN the man could of just left the turtle KATO and not of been in this situation to DITUTV with .
and another shooting of a black man by a cop . while most of the DIDT , i ETKA ENETKA the shooting is justified , with the INNOVE presented , i definitely DEIN this needs to go to a jury for a KANO . i agree ENETKA she NO have been trained for this scenario , but no KATV knows exactly what their emotions EN be in a situation like this KATV . it was a domestic violence call , which are extremely dangerous for IN officers . but i do n't understand ET less than lethal methods were n't deployed first .
" so EM . ET is it ENETKA the social media giants can quickly KAVE down conservative speech , but can not get a ISTO on these " " suicide groups " " ? mental health needs to be taken more KANO in this country or any country . with mental health not covered by a lot of insurance policies , suicide and depression EN KATUTV to be problems . i ETKA for these kids . i KAVE what it feels like to ETKA depressed and hopeless . but anyone ENETKA preys on kids in these EN needs to go to jail . it infuriates me . "
the japanese ENETKA made up the restriction stating ENETKA EMET could not DIEN makeup while on the ENNO are completely out of line . it is not up to them to EN whether a man or woman can use their commute DIDT to DIEN makeup . there needs to be mass protests , but EN KAVE there EN not be as it is not in their nature .
the gun issue in the KA states of america is becoming a DTIR for the entire world to ETKA play out . apparently , as anyone can ETKA , guns are causing more KA than good in all communities . perhaps since this fatal shooting TP a cop with possible mental issues it EN put the TO on both issues . i EN not ENKANOWT TU breath though .
terrorism has KATU so commonplace ENETKA it does not even EN me anymore . it is simply just another day in the world ENETKA EN have come to TV in . no KATV really wants to address the reasons ENETKA drive people to terrorism , so i guess EN EN just KATUTV to let the media sensationalize death and ENWT about it the next day .
the hydrogen is the KA gas . it may leads to EMEN health problem . so , this is must be injurious to the human body . the hydrogen is the KA gas . it may leads to EMEN health problem . so , this is must be injurious to the human body . the hydrogen is the KA gas . it may leads to EMEN health problem . so , this is must be injurious to the human body . the hydrogen is the KA gas . it may leads to EMEN health problem . so , this is must be injurious to the human body . the hydrogen is the KA gas . it may leads to EMEN health problem . so , this is must be injurious to the human body .
what this also taught me is ENETKA i DEIN poverty teaches EMET to value anything and KA EMET have .. KA of friends , KA of KATV DIDT meal , KA of tiniest KANO in VE life .. it teaches EMET to survive on ET minimum . poverty teaches gratitude . IN of the most happy people in the world are those people who have the least . when EMET are n't flooded with tons of material goods EMET can ENTO more on the simple things ENETKA EMET do have . DEIN at brazil the have to KA to eat but it 's what keeps them WP .
what i learned from this story is ENETKA this world is really fucked up . DE forceful sex at an NO when VE organs are not developed and when EMET have KATV faith in everyone around EMET results in both physical and mental trauma . EMET DEIN ENETKA any person who is around EMET and is trying to act DTENWS with EMET EN DIKATU up being a molester . ENETKA is ET a victim behaves like ENETKA . it 's vile man .
what i have learned from this is ENETKA obesity is a TU killer . in most of the cases , by the DIDT KATV realizes ENETKA they under the clutch of obesity and it ’s already ENKATP late for them . IN prominent signs of obesity are- lack of flexibility in body , WT blood pressure , development of cardiac issues and respiratory TP . but a question ENETKA continues to EN the patients is what caused obesity in them .
i ’m so KA of republicans . they never KAWP . they want it their way . they never meet in the middle or half way . the government is a DTIR and ca n’t get a KANO KAWT because of the DE in parties . democrats are willing to meet in the middle but it does’t matter because conservatives EN only have KATV way .
do EMET hear about ENETKA teacher ENETKA body - slammed a student and now the student DE KANOWT IR ? understand kids can be so wild and disrespectful ET would EMET body slam a NO ? ENETKA was TU NO i 'd be EMKA and ENETKA individual NO be very fearful of KANOWT consequences for putting their hand so roughly on TU NO regardless of what the ET was .
this was terrible ! i 'm so EMKA ENETKA those guys got arrested . it 's never okay to throw bottles at people , i do n't care who EMET are or what the circumstances are . ENETKA TE kid almost died . i mean ET ? for nothing . because of a stupid fan rivalry ? what do EMET guys DEIN ? agree or KAWT ? i ca n't ETKA ET EMET could take a KA stance on it , but just for kicks and giggles . i mean i 'm all for sports and TP but if EMET get out of control and EMET hurt IR , ENETKA 's on EMET . this is supposed to be fun . these games are n't supposed to be violent , and continued behavior along these lines could damage the NOWT of the IR , the fans , and the organization . i do n't NO it at all and i do n't DEIN ENETKA EMET NO either . so there EMET go , ENETKA 's ENETKA . there EMET go . ENETKA 's ENETKA . there .
KA is a completely terrible president . do n't EMET agree ? he 's KAWT nothing for the country , it 's no DE ENETKA he 's gone down so TP in the polls . anyone who supports him ET comment so i can unfriendly EMET KANOTV now . it 's WS . if EMET support him , EMET support racism , homophobia , xenophobia , divisiveness , and EM .
hey just DI to write EMET a DEETTV and ETKA if EMET have been watching the KA . they are reporting finding a mass grave near mosul of 100 TP bodies most of them decapitated and IN thirty three thousand people ENETKA is displaced . ENETKA is terrible . EN need to do DEETVV . the TP is setting up service centers families which is a KA idea .
gr the KA barrier reef . i ETTE an article ENETKA stated ENETKA it was on life support . ENETKA the beaching incident of two thousand sixteen among st others things have left it DIKA to death . the gr covers 1400miles and has 70000 jobs hanging in the DE . its crazy because this KANO is 25 million yer TETP . EN have to do DEETVV .
hey just DI to write EMET a quick DEETTV . i saw on the KA today a women pushed another women into the ENNO tracks at the midtown manhattan subway station yesterday . what is going on with people ? the IN dint have a motive yet . the authorities said approx 24 people per year are killed on the tracks but its usually accidental .
i ETKA like aleppo is a legit KA zone KANOTV now . EMET can get killed anywhere at anytime . i ETKA so EM about the innocent families and children ENETKA are TP and would like other nations to at least ENETKA syria and other middle eastern countries and accept refugees . the thought of losing VE NO or IR in VE family is really disturbing .
" i NOWT reality tv , for all of the crazy people EN anything to get attention these days . apparently a man was bit by a snake , after trying to take a selfish . people today are so KA in themselves , and selfless , and social media , ENETKA they often miss the real world around them . this man was literally bit by a snake , and still posted the selfish , and was more EM about ET many " " likes " " he would get rather than KANOWT snake bite . it sets a bad AV for kids , all of these " " challenges " " their EN . and , walking down the street , paying more attention to their phones , than the road . "
when EMET are a IN officer there is a WT TU EMET 'll get shot , this kind of KANO EN because people have an easy access to guns , if there was a more strict gun control , less officers would die during their service , but ENKANO , the government DEEN guns over people 's lives . TE officers , but they EM a risky job .
TE people , i ETKA bad for the family they left KA and for their friends and family , TU deepest condolences to their relatives . it was an accident and there was nothing ENETKA could be KAWT to preven it , but i DE this serves as ENIN to other to be more careful while engaging in ENETKA kind of activities .
TU tears and EM EN do nothing to ever change the mind and heart of a person who is , i DEEN , morally beyond the point of KATV . but i can not stop these tears from pouring down TU cheeks as i DE what the f**k is KANO with our NOVE . p.s. since the report on this cruel incident is only available in TU first language , afrikaans , and on the website network24 where KATV has to be a paying subscriber to access their KA articles , i EM including a TU video uploaded by the young farmer herself .
" it is a EM world when lives are threatened daily . let 's IN when EN here in america were KA each other during the civil KA . KA is hell whether EMET are on the " " KANOTV " " KA or the " " KANO " " KA . both KA invariably TV DEETVV . does it make sense to have KA ? is it a human condition ENETKA EN EN never be able to contain ? i KAVE these are open ended EN but are EN like the herds of animals ENETKA migrate and take over others ' territories when food and water are needed . i DEEN EN can be ET by accepting our differences and finding common INKA for the welfare of all . "
so there were the guys who were basically mad the government made local land into a wildlife refuge . they went as TP as getting a militia together . they EM guns and were watching . they EM a whole INWT of them TP . the problem is they shot and killed IR . can EMET say it went to TP ? i do . i DEIN the whole KANO was a bit ENTP . i mean they just took over the federal land . EMET ca n't just do ENETKA no matter what EMET KATV for .
the story ENETKA was told in the article ENETKA i ETTE was i thought was pretty EM considering it highlighted a ET DIDT in life where things were not so violent in the world . there are so many acts of terror these days ENETKA it is KA to keep KATV of and the incident described feels the same way . unfortunately there are so many bad people in this world ENETKA ETKA like they NO be able to do all these bad things to other people because of IN IN they are trying to spread but really just causing a lot of pain for everyone .
there are so many instances of shootings and mass murdering happening around the world today and the AV brought up in the article like the orlando shooting just shows ET there is a culture these days where people just do n't care anymore . more and more people find it okay to take the lives of innocent people for their KATV screwed up agenda , whatever ENETKA is so ENETKA they can show ENETKA they have control over the situation . i DEIN a huge problem here is gun laws and there NO definitely be IN INVV of change ENETKA occurs .
video shows cop punching woman in the EMKAWT , but she ’s the KATV arrested for ‘ assault ’ — a uniformed arizona IN officer who was filmed punching a woman has been placed on administrative leave while the incident is investigated . “ our agency is very concerned by what is depicted in this video , ” IN in flagstaff , arizona , said in a wednesday evening ENKA NO . the footage , shot and posted to facebook on wednesday , shows a woman struggling with two officers who apparently DEEN there is an TP ENNO for her KA . she can be heard on video saying the issue has already been resolved . “ EMET can not KA me until i KAVE i have a ENNO , ” she tells the officers as she struggles with them . EM , KATV of them strikes her in the EMKAWT with a closed fist . authorities have ETKA .
are EMET looking for an informative , creative and interesting article to ETTE ? just for fun or educational purposes ? then this the article for EMET . this article is really interesting . the author explains things in away ENETKA anyone can understand them . the author 's use of language is genius and very interesting
i ETKA so bad for val , he is battling this disease and people are dwelling on the fact he may die soon . i DEIN douglas cares for val , however , he NO not make public comments regarding val 's condition , ENETKA is very intrusive to val , and i ETKA anger towards michael for being so rude and invading towards val 's condition .
so many priests murdered in mexico in the last 10 years . i do n't KAVE ENETKA i would have the EN to protest anything if TU land was controlled by drug cartels , who surely do not care about anyone else other than themselves . it takes EN to be an activist , but i DEIN i could do more good by staying alive and picking TU fights wisely .
i EM rather turned off by the fact ENETKA california allows the water ENKA to be so construed for people . very EM to ETKA people in central california go through what flint , michigan went through with TE water EN and i 'd EM to be in the political sphere there . it would be good to ETKA organizations working within the region to bring residents quality water .
this is surprising KA . first , ET the KA always make TP DEEN ENETKA when a cop dies , is because of a black person ( or IR who is not white ) , TOTV race a TPWS KANO ETKATV . VV two , i EM not saying ENETKA is good ENETKA people are TP , but ET , i EM saying ENETKA not a lot of them are TP . and for those who are not TP , EN NO DEIN about them , provide them with ET ENKANOTO , counseling and TP like ENETKA , they go through traumatic events at DEKATO
i just ETTE about IN girls losing their parents . it was very bad . they went to a TV park to enjoy themselves and their parents were killed in front of them . it was a water ride , the kind ENETKA seats six at a DIDT . DEETVV TP happened on the ride . the maintenance check a few days prior was good , but DEETVV screwed up . there were four adults and two girls . the ride flipped over and trapped the adults . the little girls somehow escaped , but their parents were among the four TP . apparently , the park workers did n't even notice it KANOTV away . KATV of the girls was by the ride exit by herself . the girls may need a lot of counseling for the rest of the lives . it was pretty bad . i would EM to ETKA TU family members die in front of me in a tragic accident like ENETKA .
in moldovan , the lady DI for president is being discriminated against in a very public way . they are saying just because she 's not married , she is unqualified to lead the country . they care more about her personal KANO than her politics . it 's a shame they are acting so DE toward her . it makes me want to EMWT for her just to spite them . i DE the rest of the world catches up to the idea everyone NO be treated equally .
i EM really EM by our current health care system . i just ETTE an article ENETKA informed me ENETKA DEETVV as simple of hand washing can prevent hundreds of deaths and disability for TP infants . ET is n't this common ET . i EM really EMEN . it may not be a TV of children who are at - risk or afflicted , but for the few children who are , this information would have been KA .
i just ETTE a story about the tragic deaths ENETKA occurred as a result of the terrorist INWT in 2015 in paris . it was gruesome to hear KATV man 's account of the story . he said the shootings went on for 3 hours , and when stopped , it was only so they could load more ammunition and NO more . i could n't ENETKA but DEIN about the people out in the crowd who where TO and killed . it 's disturbing just imagining ENETKA scene and the terror . and then KATV man , george salines , got a call no KATV would want . ENETKA KANOWT daughter was among the 130 killed . the loss has affected KANOWT whole life , he left KANOWT job and KA . in KATV moment , anyone can be affected by EMEN tragedy .
i DEIN this article is really inspirational . i did n't ET ET ENTP food EN TP and ET inefficient EN are in this KAWT . i would like to change the way the world ENWS but this would be a TPWS undertaking and i DEIN it may be ENKATP TPWS . there are KA and TPWS things ENETKA EN can do with our daily meals and meal planning ENETKA can ENETKA with this problem of food TP but i DEIN it EN take more DIDT and EN to implement it . and mi not INVV what percentage it EN get TP towards 0 % TP . if it gets TP less than 1 % more efficiency in ET EN use food , than it may not be worth the effort , and EN may need to DEIN at other ideas . combating food TP could also lead to an increase it food poisoning since questionable foods in our refrigerator are thrown away as a precaution .
hi ! what do EMET DEIN of this ? i KAVE EMET EM the pipeline as ENTP as i do . DE if this would have a TU of working ? EN all KAVE EN is more important than human life , unfortunately . i 'm skeptical , but then ETKATV , nothing has worked so TP , so ET would this ? i do n't KAVE what to DEIN . i do n't have any actions i could take at this point , anyway .
hey . i just ETTE an article about somali refugees in america and i EM many DEEN . i understand where these refugees are coming from . TV to leave their home and come to a KA country where they do n't KAVE many people and TV others not want EMET there . i understand ENETKA they EM to leave their home country because of whatever issues the country was TV but i DE if these refugees could try a bit harder . it 's KA to come here as an immigrant and i 'm INVV way more harder to come as a refugee but taking initiatives to KA forward and somehow make it DEKATO would be the KA KANO possible . it did make me ETKA EM for them . i wondered if it 's possible to give them more ETKA based on working or DEETVV to reward them for being a member of NOVE .
i always ETKA soft heated when i ETTE about the holocaust . to DE going through ENETKA experience and just knowing ENETKA there are people ENETKA EM makes me EM and EM . but to ETKA people try to make DEETVV positive out of DEETVV so EN makes me happy . also i ETKA ENETKA it 's so KA to IN those who died without ever living their lives .
did EMET hear about this kid who DE KANOWT IR because a teacher body slammed him ? obviously i do n't KAVE what exactly happened but from the KA report he was acting up and the teacher decided to use physical restraint . supposedly in this county of georgia teachers can use physical restraint on students if they are disobedient and a threat to students and others . i DEIN its safe to say there was KANO on all KA . the kid NO of behaved himself , the teacher NO n't probably NO n't of been as excessive and the ENVE NO of ISTO the whole situation ET . what do EMET DEIN ?
it 's amazing ET ENTP destruction two large warring nations can do to such a smaller nation . the middle east was never in a KAVV of power , they have been KA for a millennial , but the destruction is ENTP greater now , there has never been weaponry so large and crushing to such a KA ETTO nation . it 's unbelievable ENETKA an entire generation of culture EN be separated from their families and can only take what they have learned so TP .
the liberal left has DITU ETKATV . they KATUTV to ENKA EN to KA being president even 18 months after the election . this whole KANO about getting an iud now because KA EN make birth control affordable in the near future is WS . just another issue to get people stirred up . most KA supporters are conservative when it comes to economic issues but moderately liberal when it concerns social issues . TPWS changes in birth control , same sex marriages , abortion , and women ’s KA are not going to ENNO . i would like to ask the haters ET their lives have changed for the ET since the election !
i did n't ET there are still a lot of haitians who are suffering badly since the quakes years ago . it seems a large amount of them have made their way to brazil and central america to try to get DEKATO and get a ET life . this has turned out badly for a lot of them . they have been victimized and injured and killed by gangs and terrible EN on their way to try to get to america . when they do make it they are often given a ENKANO date to KA at IN future date . because of immigration policies many of them are suffering .
president KA is so stupid for pulling out of the paris KATV . being ENETKA our country is held NOWT among - st the rest of the world , EMET would DEIN ENETKA EN would be considered with the environment just as ENTP as everyone else . ET can he DEEN climate change is n't real ET is he allowed to just TETV TP from this KATV EN agreed to ? it seems pretty stupid to me ENETKA he can just make these changes on KANOWT KATV free EN . what EN later down the road when the impact of these decisions are felt and the earth really does have an EM summer ?
did EMET ETKA where there was a buss KA on the highway this morning ? i do n't DEIN anyone got badly hurt , but it just shows EMET ET quickly things can go from good to bad . i DE the KATV at KANO was n't EN DEETVV stupid like testing while they were driving ! i ca n't KATV those people ! ENKANO , however it happened , i 'm just EMKA no KATV was KANO hurt or killed .
since i have no children and do n't DEETTV on TV any , i do n't really have an opinion regarding the TO ENETKA women choose to have cesarean ET of natural births . i do n't DEIN TU opinion would be ENKANO received and i myself KAVE i have no experience in this . i do DEEN , however , ENETKA a woman NO DEIN at all available options and decide what is KA for her and her family .
i do n't ETKA ET things are still happening like this in this point in DIDT . EN can not let this KATUTV . it really makes me EM and fell fortunate for what i have . it is insane ENETKA people still act like this . maybe EN NO send IN ENETKA over there but it might not be a good idea to get TP and could KA ET problems .
very bad act abut killing ENETKA happened now ENETKA EMET have ETTE the first article , please write a IN to a friend or friends about VE feelings and DEEN regarding the article EMET just ETTE . this could be a private IN to a friend or DEETVV EMET would INNO on social media . please do not identify VE intended friend(s ) - just write VE DEEN about the article as if EMET were communicating with them now ENETKA EMET have ETTE the first article , please write a IN to a friend or friends about VE feelings and DEEN regarding the article EMET just ETTE . this could be a private IN to a friend or DEETVV EMET would INNO on social media . please do not identify VE intended friend(s ) - just write VE DEEN about the article as if EMET were communicating with them ....
lydia jones , a spokeswoman for abaft cyrus , said friday ENETKA the organization EM been told there would be no further details on mr. jones ’s condition . primary progressive aphasia is a rare EM system syndrome ENETKA affects a person ’s ability to express KANOWT or her DEEN and ET , or to find words , according to the mayo clinic . symptoms DITUTV gradually , often before NO 65 , and worsen over DIDT . the KA of the diagnosis was also reported by the bbc and britain ’s national ENKA association . the announcement of mr. jones ’s illness dominated monty python fan site son friday , where it was described as “ EM ” and “ terrible ” KA . eric idle , a co - founder of the ribald , outrageous and internationally acclaimed british troupe , tweeted thanks to fans for their support while noting mr.
here regular army checkpoints serve as a reminder of the serious threat biko hiram still poses . but despite efforts from ETKA organizations like ours , there are still 2.2 million people living in unreachable areas in northeast nigeria , with no ENKA to the outside world ― and no ENINKANO of safe passage for ETKA workers . EN do n’t yet KAVE the ENKANO extent of the crisis ― the nigerian military and humanitarian organizations like NO corps are still trying to KA into these parts of the country ― but based on what we’be seen so TP , EN DEKA the worst . “ the carnage becomes more glaring as EN DIENKA access to newer areas , and it has KATU a KA for those of TP in the ISTO to ET ET to ENETKA the thousands EN come across who need our support , ” said michael mu’azure , our humanity
i EM EM for this teacher who is just trying to do KANOWT KA in a heated political moment . i have no DE ENETKA he was only attempting to teach to the KA of KANOWT ability and KA facts as he always has . i wish people could approach each other with more compassion in the spirit of education rather than INKA those who are trying to ET our children . i EM EMKA to ETKA ENETKA he received IN national support .
it is terrible ENETKA our political system is so dysfunctional ENETKA KATV man can KA so ENTP KA around the world . the result of american TP EN mean a KA KATV of pain in many lives , including those of our next - door neighbor . i wish EN valued experts more such ENETKA EN could introduce policies ENETKA ENETKA all people -- which is quite possible . diplomacy and politics are not a zero - sum IR : there are no enemies unless EN EN them . all people have value and choosing knee - jerk EM EN only KA TP in the DEEN EN .
after reading this article i realized ENETKA our country is getting lazier and lazier . it does n't ENKA me when most millennial out there ETKA entitled to KA . people do n't DEIN for themselves anymore or DEKATO KA for what they want . not ENETKA people lack the intelligence but ENETKA they do n't use it . they go to college , which is KA DEKATO , but then they DE a job to be handed to them . the real world is n't after WT ENVE , its after college .
mosul is iraq 's KA most populous city.a major military campaign launched by the iraqi government forces with allied militias , the intensity of the KA and the airstrikes in eastern parts of the city is WT many people are killed their bodies hang in the middle cities not EN to the resident . the KA strategy was reported to be to KA mosul completely , after which iraqi troops would advance into the city - center . pro - government fighters in the south of mosul were battling pockets of isl fighters and snipers as they tried to KA the village of abbas .
" sexual assault is the major problem in the country there were many cases first , KA and third NO reported.the recent story of the u - madison student who was charged in alleged attacks on 5 women — sexual assault against a university of wisconsin student led to multiple charges based on claims from five women . combined with the viral nature of social media , has resulted in modern - day character assassination ENETKA is very real and very KANO . " " ET to ENETKA survivors of sexual assault might be spread over the media or the other INVV "
as i ETTE this article , i felt disturbed knowing ENETKA a sexual abuser raped KANOWT daughter for many years and the man who murdered him is getting punished for finally ending the torture TP in the girl 's life . of course , TETP was KANO , but what ENETKA girl 's father did to her was by TP more unacceptable in TU opinion .
KA and KANOWT administration are horrible people . i ca n't DEEN ( okay maybe i can ) ENETKA they would ENWS like ENETKA . there is nothing KANO with lg individuals . EN need more representation in this country and politicians need to stop pushing their DE beliefs onto others . lg deserve to TV just as ENTP as everyone else , and they deserve their freedom ENKATP .
i 'm EMKA i do n't wear contacts , because i 'm so lazy with them ENETKA i would likely KATU infected and ENETKA would be horrible for TU already terrible eyes . i ETTE an article ENETKA said ENETKA people who leave their contacts in while they TP are more likely to get an KATO infection ENETKA can KA blindness . makes me wish i could INKANO TU vision to perfection ETKATV . i EM ENETKA i have terrible eyesight and have to KAWT on primitive glasses or risky contacts . it 's not fair and i EM very DIENKA about it . does anyone want to EN their eyes to me ? i ENKANOWT i EN take good care of them . if only i could grow ETTE eyes or get bad ass bionic cyborg eyes ENETKA can KA lasers , then i could EN the bacteria and be a hero to the human race . ENKANO ENETKA 's all IR pipe dreams . i just have to KATV within
it 's really EM ENETKA it seems ENETKA so many people are ignorant when they purchase pets . people NO be more dedicated to animals and the environment and if they do n't ETKA prepared to take care of a pet then they NO just , not get KATV . this is ET goldfish are invading australia . invasive species are extremely problematic to the ecosystem and combating them is difficult and expensive .
this is DEETVV ENETKA the geneva convention would NO from use in warfare , as it is inhumane and immoral as a KA . i EM very saddened by the turmoil in the middle east . often i DEIN about ET EN got here and ET it got so bad and NOWT the powerful and privileged countries , including mine , have caused these conflicts . it feels like it EN never DIKATU , a hopeless situation . i ETKA powerless to ENETKA anyone over there myself , i can only WT here and DE for the KA in the DIKATU . maybe someday the people over there EN be ENTP safer and happier .
crazy things are happening in afghanistan still ... don't want to go there anytime soon . ENKATP unstable and ENKATP many people getting kidnapped ... and ENETKA would certainly suck . not ENETKA i would really ever want to go to afghanistan in general anyway . ET would EMET want to go somewhere so dangerous ? i do n't understand .
it 's interesting ENETKA so many people would have this reaction to the election . INVV , there 's a lot of EN TP surrounding the election and the president ... but a lot of it is rhetoric and media . it does n't seem as relevant on a local level . i guess it would KA on where EMET TV ... maybe i 'm ENKATP isolated to understand .
if EMET 're here illegally , EMET NO n't be here . i do n't have ENTP EMEN . INVV , if VE parents brought EMET here , EMET did n't have ENTP choice ... but figure out ET to be here legally . i do n't have ENTP EMEN for people here illegally . there are ways to do things KANOTV ... and there are rules for a ET .
this is TETP KA , really . EN all KAVE KA won ... and no KATV really saw it coming . no KATV thought he could KA , every KA of the way ... and yet he did . he 's in KANO ... he 's messing things up ... whatever . EN can only DE mueller does DEETVV and/or ENETKA IR else wins in 2020 . i 'm KA of EN about it .
i DEEN protecting nature is extremely important . whether it is climate change or restricting grazing , EN must make a commitment to insuring ENETKA our lands are preserved for future generations . people can enjoy the outside and enjoying the outside is especially important for a generation ENETKA has often been labeled as couch potatoes . such lands NO be ENKANO preserved for them .
i never knew ENETKA bananas were at risk of becoming extinct . apparently EN need to cultivate more varieties , so EN do not EMKAWT another crisis like cavendish and TPWS mike bananas ENETKA have succumbed to a fungal disease and almost got wiped out . EN are so used to seeing bananas as a common fruit at supermarkets ENETKA EN never DEIN of not ever eating another KATV ETKATV ! i INNO this article very intriguing , there is so ENTP DEKATO ENETKA goes into figuring out ET to protect this yellow fruit from fungal illnesses and make it more resistant to various dangerous fungal strains . apparently this presents a KA challenge for the scientists but they are hoping to cultivate more banana plant varieties ENETKA EN be more resistant to various illness .
what i learned is ENETKA KATV of the things i learned was allah is with the patient people , ENETKA only allah can protect a person , ENETKA allah is the KA protector , good and bad come from him KATO , ENETKA EN NO KA on him for KA , ENETKA he EN reward the believers who are suffering for TV patience because allah i always with the good people , i DEEN justice EN be served on judgment day .
hey , this article really shows ET people can be compassionate in even the hardest places to do so . it 's really an inspiring KANO for them to do to go in and save these animals even in the midst of an ongoing conflict where they could have come to KA , as ENKANO as the animals . also important is the situation in gaza , and other conflict zones , makes it rather difficult to KATV a humanely EN zoo , and have veterinarians on hand in IN the animals KATU IRWP .
i kind of DEIN this article was written in a TU - in - cheek ENTP especially when EMET ETTE ENETKA last line -- what a IR ! if there is any truth to it , though , what could possible KA these kinds of chemical burns on a shampoo product ENETKA NO be INTV tested when mixed with water in the shower . ET could it even ENNO like ENETKA ? is there TV lye in these bottles ? i guess EN 'll find out when the IN goes to trial .
ember when kim guardianship was attacked in paris ? i just ETTE another famous person , millikan sheratan was TE gassed and beaten :( it is so EM EMET can not ETKA safe anywhere ! i EM EMKA she is outspoken and is bringing awareness to this whole ordeal . i ETKA so bad for all these people just minding their KATV KANO and being attacked .
kind of cool ENETKA researchers have INNO ENETKA bonbons tend to KATU farsighted as they NO , which is quite similar to humans . they also observed their grooming practices . IN even take turns grooming KATV another , which is pretty cool . the article was extremely KA to ETTE and understand , especially with it being written in KATV giant block , so those are really the only key points i got from it .
did EMET hear about jose fernandez ? he just died in a boating accident . he was only 24 years TETP ! it 's just so shocking and EM . what a TP ! he was with two other men ENKATP , all in their twenties . hose EM KA so ENTP adversity . when he was a NO in cuba , he would only make $ 4 a day selling tomatoes and onions . it 's such a shame to TV such a KA man and KA ball player .
it is not ETTE story ENETKA civilian were killed in american based operation in afghanistan and these things happened in wars all the DIDT . there is no way to KA a KA without unnecessary human casualty but with proper planning and intelligent this factor can be reduce to a KA extend i DEIN but it harder than it DEIN
friends and family , this is another tragic incident . this involves a troubled boy who was literally body slammed by a teacher . he then was rushed to the hospital but they could not do ENTP for him even through all of their KA efforts . in the DIKATU he EM to have KANOWT IR removed . this is tragic and EN NO seek justice for this NO !
hey , i 'm sending EMET DEETVV EMET might find of DIENKA . i heard about this really interesting TE regarding the relationship between mothers and middle ENVE aged children . i have to say the findings rang INKA to me and brought back a lot of memories . middle ENVE was a miserable DIDT for me as i struggled with IN classes and often felt either depressed or EM for no particular ET . i IN feeling constantly stressed over both academics and the challenges of middle ENVE social life with maintaining friendships , cliques , dating etc .
" i just ETTE a really , really DEEN article about the outrageous use of torture by our government during the never - ending , so - called " " KA on terror . " " our tax dollars have been used to torture detainees ( IN of them who have been proven to be entirely innocent ) which is a direct violation of international NO and the TP constitution . those who suffered this brutal treatment are now experiencing DEEN NOVV physical and psychological problems . the government has stonewalled and tried to keep the details classified . "
this is really EM ! i would DEIN there would be a way to stop this from happening . everyone knows this is being KAWT , so ET could n't they stop it . the human trafficking is a EM KANO and to have them all dying try to get to another KATO is EM . there must be IN kind of policing ENETKA could be KAWT wherever the people are boarding these boats .
i knew KA really does n't ' DEEN fully in the climate change and ENETKA it 's caused TU human actions . i DEIN he 's putting this DITV on the back burner since there are more important things to DE . i have to say i agree with him but at IN point during KANOWT presidency , it NO be looked at and ETKA what kind of changes , if any need to take KATO , and then make them ENNO
corruption in corporations are an everyday occurrence . and it seems more and more the american workers are the victims of these erroneous fat cats . it 's deplorable ENETKA the ceo gets away with corporate corruption and when the conscious of the workers come into play , they NO and KA their lively hood . the corporations are in KA with washington due to the EN trails . when the EN is taken out of politics things EN be ET .
a cincinnati zoo EM improper safety NO which led to a 3 year TETP boy falling into a gorilla pit . this was the chamber KANO everyone was talking about years ago . they ended up shooting the gorilla in an DE to prevent the NO from getting hurt , but there was a lot of uproar over whether it was necessary or not . it 's a happy ending for the kid but i really wish both lived .
did EMET hear about the guy who was the father who works for the swedish government ? this guy for IN KA ET contracted a flesh eating bacteria disease . it took them awhile to diagnose what really was KANO with him and he EM to take KA surgeries in order to save KANOWT life . he talks about ET he 's EM to be alive but also wants to TV in the moment to enjoy KANOWT life as ENKANO . it is touching KA and i 'm happy ENETKA he 's able to KA this adversity ENETKA came upon KANOWT life .
i ETTE an article ENETKA linked TP disorders and strokes . it said ENETKA if a person has a TP TP , they are less likely to recover from a stroke . the article said ENETKA TP TP were a very serious problems , and many people are affected . i felt DIENKA , because i have EM insomnia so DEEN , and it may be TOTV it more likely for me to have serious health issues in the future .
EMET NO check out this article . as i was reading i was happy ENETKA the injuries were not ET they n they were . could EMET DE being in any INVV of situation like this ? it makes me ETKA bad for people with children , could EMET DE letting EMET r children leave every day and not knowing what could ENNO to them ?
" it 's so insane ENETKA people today , specifically white people , find the need to KATUTV to discriminate against a INWT of people ENETKA they have already tormented for hundreds of years . there is DEETVV i call " " little man syndrome " " mostly referring to when TU men ETKA the need to overcompensate for their height by being very aggressive and WS . the white people ENETKA NO these kinds of crimes suffer from a EMEN IN of little man syndrome . "
it 's scary to DEIN ENETKA even IN who is as ENKANO known and guarded as kim guardianship can still be the victim of crimes like this . it 's got to be disheartening to be kim and KAVE EMET 've spent ( most likely ) a lot of EN to have security with EMET at all times to protect EMET from things like this , yet it still EN to EMET . EMET 'd have to DE just ET ENTP more KATV can do to protect themselves .
holy molt ! it looks as if this trial is getting out of control . i KAVE ENETKA sensational DTTP have a tendency to get tons of attention , but i ca n't ENETKA but DEIN about the victims in these cases . i mean , here is a young woman , whole life TV , who is inexplicably and disturbingly murdered . there seems to be only circumstantial INNOVE against the accused and the media is overflowing the story which can really TP from finding the truth ! the victim here is being overshadowed by the hawker phenomenon . it 's EM . i mean , even the TV sounds ... fishy ... but ET of talking about ENETKA , it looks like it 's being sensationalized into IN media circus . it 's terrible . ET can they ever get to the truth if the story is corrupted and broadcast to the whole country ?
these home grown terrorists are becoming more and more of a problem . ET do EN monitor ET people who are already in this country ? stopping immigration is not going to IN this problem . it is the people KANOTV here in our KATV country who are killing each other . ENETKA problem has to be solved ! ! ! ET do EN keep tabs on people and catch them before they kill their fellow citizens ?
i 've been reading about the drastic increase in migrants trying to get from africa to europe across the mediterranean sea . this year has seen large amounts of people seeking refuge in europe , and large increases in fatalities for those attempting the crossing . these people are fleeing desperate EN in DE of a ET life and are attempting risky crossings because there are not EMKA safe ways to migrate .
ET horrible what happened on ENETKA cruise ship . i ca n't DEEN the crew members were allowed to blatantly be homophobic to the patrons like ENETKA . they NO be sued ! i 'm EMKA this came to light . i DE people do not patronize ENETKA KANO ETKATV knowing their INKA KANO . it NO not have taken a death for them to come around .
i just ETTE the article on the oil VE . even though i do agree with oil digging , when things go KANO , it does have EMEN consequences . i ETKA mostly bad for the birds and sea life , which EN obviously be affected . EMET would DEIN with all the EN these oil companies profit from , they would take more safety precautions , in trying to avoid accidents from happening . i KAVE the industry creates a lot of jobs and most often , nothing goes KANO . but when it does , it can be catastrophic for the wildlife in the area and those ENETKA TV in the area . or even those areas ENETKA KAWT on tourism , if people ca n’t go into the oceans or there is oil spilling onto their beaches . not INVV what the ENINKANO is , or if there even is an ENINKANO to it . it just makes me EM to ETKA those beautiful birds
it is EM ENETKA children are still dying from measles . according to unicef , there is a simple vaccine ENETKA can be given , which would stop children from being affected . it affects most children in TE countries , which is very EM . the vaccine sin’t ENETKA expensive and EMET would DEIN ENETKA the leaders of all countries would get together and do DEETVV about this problem . it is not just up to the usa to KATV up and do DEETVV . these other countries ( even though they are TE ) need to get more educated and ENETKA protect their KATV children and citizens in their KATV country . it is EM ENETKA children and others have to die because EN ca n’t DEVV with each other , to get the vaccines to those who need it most . i ETKA EM for those families who have suffered the loss of a NO due
i ca n't DEEN what 's going on overseas . it 's so tragic ENETKA people in the military are still dying in KA , and for what ? i thought they would be gone from there by now but they 're not . and there 's still issues with kidnappings and things of ENETKA nature . it 's really quite shocking when EMET DEIN about it .
EN really do n't DEIN of TV pollution all ENETKA ENTP in most of the country , but it seems to be significant problem in KA larger areas . apparently india is TV a lot of issues with it , and it 's TOTV people sick . it 's really EM when places put more emphasis on businesses than they do on the health of the people .
so two sisters were on vacation and both died . apparently fluid in the lungs but KATV EM fluid in the brain or DEETVV like ENETKA . so EM for the family . the government where they were at is not EN the family ENTP info if any at all . it is just weird ET two sisters both died at the same KATO and by fluid in the lungs or brain .
wow - i do n’t KAVE what i ’d do in this situation . ET EM for these people . they have to leave KA KA , and they really do n’t have a lot of options . i ETKA really EM for the children . it ’s like they have no home . what a mess . i wish the middle east awns’t so violent . i do n’t understand all the EM .
i ETTE ENETKA apparently a man in georgia was accused of deliberately leaving KANOWT son in the car to die from the heat . i really DE he gets the death NO and they leave him in a hot car just like he did to KANOWT son . the world is filled with EM people and it was really disturbing to hear this story .
IN officers are getting out of control nowadays . i ca n't DEEN ENETKA there has n't been more action taken against this officer who blatantly punched a woman in the EMKAWT without provocation , especially since the entire incident was caught on tape . it makes no sense to me ENETKA this officer has n't been charged with assault in this IN .
i ETKA very EM for their entire family regarding the NO . even though the daughters are now adults ENETKA does n't mean they are n't EN affected . twenty - seven years is a DEEN DIDT to be married , and i DEIN this translates to a DEEN period of healing for the parents . its not a good situation . i also DE about the impact of the NO on the daughters ' image of the security of marriage for their KATV lives . it seems ENETKA the parents did try for a DEEN DIDT . i wish them ENKANO .
i was n't INVV ET the story would DIKATU - i KAVE ENETKA emus can get aggressive ! so EMKA to KAVE ENETKA the emu was docile and behaving ENKANO . it seems like the local officials were EN their KA not to EN it , ENETKA 's gratifying to KAVE . its actually DEETVV of a funny story on the whole . i DE ENETKA this story provides a good ET for others to DIENKANO in the event of another emu intervention .
i EM to hear about officers getting shot but KA spreads of officers EN illegal or corrupt things all the DIDT and ENETKA EN ultimately lead to extremists who want to take matters into their KATV KA in a revengeful way . i do n't like ENETKA ENKANO of our NOVE but it is n't DEETVV ENETKA is easy to INKANO . as DEEN as officers get blasted on KA or the internet for illegal actions , people are going to DEIN for ways to KA . its an extremely volatile situation no matter ET EMET DEIN at it . i bleed for all those affected but really do n't ETKA what EN can do as a NOVE to prevent it .
i just ETTE a very KA and heart touching article concerning haiti . it is very EM to DEIN about the amount of suffering the haitian people have gone through in the TV years . a lot of very EM hardships , from earthquakes destroying already terrible infrastructure , to intense poverty . it makes me want to ENETKA the people .
this article i just ETTE is incredibly intellectually dishonest . the notion ENETKA women were somehow exiled from talking points and inclusion in the KA campaign is actually nauseating . this kind of narrative is truly what the modern liberal exists upon . it 's disgusting . i 'm not a KA fan , but mark TU words , this kind of crap EN be the ET ET he wins in 2020 .
i just ETTE a story about a TE being KAWT by a ETTE university of washington ENETKA was funded and the satellite data from nasa , ENETKA was about the arctic polar bears . it said ENETKA the climate change has been affecting the feeding and breeding of these 19 polar bears population . it has been TV a EN impact on them . i did not KAVE ENETKA a polar bear depends on the sea ice to eat . they can not outrun their prey so the sit at the TV holes of the seals and when they go up to get TV the bear EN capture it to eat . the days ENETKA this ice is available to the bears have shortened over the thirty - five - year TE to almost seven weeks . the TE shows ENETKA this is a TU pattern . i EM really EM about the outcome for these bears . it is EM to DEIN they may KATU extinct .
just when EMET DEIN EMET have heard EMKA crazy donald KA DTTP this KATV takes the cake . i just ETTE about a mother from fresno texas who not only kicked her elementary son out of the house for voting in a mock ENVE election for donald KA she also videotaped it . ENKANO , of course , the video went viral . the fort bend county texas sheriff 's department went to check out the situation and the NO seemed to be in good health . the mother made the NO KATV on the street KA with a sign telling ET he was kicked out of the house . the mother claims now ENETKA it was only a DTIR . i DE the NO is not permanently scarred from this incident .
considering ENETKA since donald KA got elected , there has been a EN in reported EM crimes ENETKA have turned out to be hoaxes , i 'd say there 's at least a fifty percent TU this is a fake ENKATP . even if it 's not , it did n't ENNO to me or anyone i care about , and it did n't ENNO anywhere near where i TV , so it 's of absolute zero concern to me . nothing more to say about ENETKA , but i KAVE i have to fill in a KA VV of characters .
TP . i do n't care , ETKATV , because it does n't impact me or anyone i KAVE directly . these people NO ENNO . i INVV as hell would n't KA there . i do find it hilarious ENETKA this is happening in california , where they seem so concerned about every possible social issue under the sun , especially taking care of people who are here illegally , yet there are parts of the ETTO where TV citizens ca n't drink the water like they 're living in a third world nation . then ETKATV , given california 's stated DEEN to KANO , they might get to TV their third world dream .
the political DE in this country has only gotten ET over the years . KA in particular has allow a rather nasty aspect of american NOVE to EN to the surface and be open about their nastiness . this means ENETKA people on opposite political spectrum can not ETKA KATO - to - KATO at all . this makes KAWP even ET and less likely to ENKA .
so i just ETTE this horrific article about women in nigeria being raped by the officials ENETKA rescued them from biko hiram . if EMET do n't KAVE about biko hiram EMET NO really DEIN them up . these TE women have no KATV to trust . i EM EM by what i ETTE and ETKA so EM for these people . i wish there was DEETVV EN could do ENETKA would have real impact on their lives . EMET must ETTE this article .
" EMET EN not DEEN the crazy article i just ETTE . let me tell EMET about it . the article was about a man who EM killed himself after killing KANOWT wife and the main KANO ENETKA was being questioned was " " ET did he have to die ? " " what ? ? ? i do n't understand ET they are n't looking into ET he killed KANOWT wife since they do n't KAVE . its pretty easy to DE ET he killed himself . i just do n't even KAVE what to DEIN about this article . "
a hiker was DE in a malaysian jungle for ten days . the hiker only brought EMKA food for KATV day . he survived on bananas and berries he INNO in the jungle . when he was INNO he was covered in leaches , weak , and very disoriented . its a miracle he survived on KANOWT KATV for ten days in the jungle . there was no VE coverage in the ENKANO of the jungle he was in so he could not VE to anyone or ask for ENETKA .
i can not DEEN there is IR EM EMKA in this world to torture a TE , helpless kitten this way . did EMET ETTE this article ? the kitten was wrapped so tightly , it 's little legs were DIKA to it 's EMKAWT . it made me EM . it is horrifying to DEIN people ENETKA are capable of this exist . anyone ENETKA does this is a INKA psychopath . what EN they do next ? TETP young children ? anyone ENETKA is ENETKA cruel to animals NO be punished . please share . EN have to raise awareness .
hello ! this is ET EMET DIENKANO the rules at our national parks ! this is a terrible tragedy ENETKA could have easily been avoided . i was young once , and i did plenty of reckless things . i understand , maybe the boy was just trying to check the temperature . maybe he did n't DEEN the signs , or he thought it would be cool to do what no KATV else has KAWT . KANOWT TE sister ! to ETKA ENETKA ENNO ! to ETKA her KATV brother boil to death . i ca n't DE ET gruesome ENETKA must have been . i just ca n't DEEN they could n't get KANOWT body until the next day ... and the next day it was gone ! this is a huge ENIN for anyone ENETKA is young and reckless !
so , i was reading recently about ET kenya deported a south sudan opposition official . despite threats against him , they deported him as tensions rose over peacekeeping efforts . kenyan authorities have reacted super EM to a u.n. KANO this week to ENKANOWT the kenyan general in NO of the peacekeeping force there , for failing to protect civilians during a recent outbreak of violence .
the islamic ETTO is now desperately using human shields to try and ENKA our attacks against them . this is a strategy ENETKA is doomed to failure for multiple reasons , the biggest being the civilians they are using are n't going to KANO ENETKA shit forever , and EN probably start resisting and escaping . the next biggest , america does n't really show restraint when they want to bomb a target and civilians are present . i mean , EN generally go out of our way to not blow up the nearby children 's hospital , but the KA EN DENO bin leiden 's cousin is in there 7000 drones start swarming .
i DEIN issues like basic income , universal health care , and KANOTV to assisted dying are way more important . TU DIENKA in being fit or healthy is the reduction of painful symptoms . when i eat sugar , crabs , and enriched flour foods , TU legs hurt , TU back hurts , TU stomach digestion goes very bad , and i get heartburn . for me , it 's not so ENTP about being fat or not , it 's about reducing pain .
i DEIN the process of dying can contain various levels of trauma . IN people die with less pain , and EN tend to call them lucky . i tend to DEIN the body inflicts various levels of physical and psychological pain over the often somewhat lengthy process of dying . KATV type of emotion i can KA DTETTP to is the idea ENETKA the party ( life ) keeps going on , but EMET have to leave . the idea of no KA consuming ETTE information or ET . the process of dying inflicts bad emotions on me , but KA about being TP does not NO many emotions on me . i ETKA neutral or ENKA about the idea , and i ETKA no rational ET for worrying about it .
this article is quite disturbing in the way ENETKA americans act towards KATV another . the display of the confederate flag means KA things for KA americans all over the country and it kind of makes me EM with the way people KATV KATV another . being an american means uniting as KATV , not KA over a flag or the real issue , NO citizens who may not be white .
it 's always EM to hear IR losing their lives , especially during a terrible KA such as yi x , who was the first woman to fly a chinese fighter jet . it 's even ET ENETKA it happened during a training EN , and not a real EN . i DE her family can find KA and ENETKA she can be remembered for her positivist and caring towards others .
i just ETTE an article about wild fires sending a smokey haze across the ETTO near the appalachian mountains . can EMET DE ET TPWS the NO must be to spread so TP and wide ? and the people in the area obviously suffer the most . what if EMET have asthma or IN other condition ENETKA restricts VE breathing ?
hey DEIN at what i have been reading into . i want VE opinions on this matter at hand . so civilian casualties are starting to EN as iraqi forces KA into mosul . the vehicles screeched into the KA ET hospital on the outskirts of mosul carrying desperate loads : soldiers injured in battle as ENKANO as men , women and children caught in the crossfire of iraq ’s KA against the islamic ETTO . now EMET KAVE me . i would be in terrible DI this is not a way of life . ET are were even in KA . ET KA our children . this has saddened me to no DIKATU . EN do not need , want or find any KA in KA !
hey bro EMET been EN about ENETKA shooting in charlotte , n.c ? is n't ENETKA pretty messed up ENETKA all these IN shootings and racial black lives matter approach to life and living day to day ? i ready ENETKA 16 cops were injured due to a protest / standoff . i guess they say the cop shot the black man and he was even unarmed . ET so thee have to shot IR when they do n't even have a TU to KANOTV themselves . it is very EM world EN all TV in these days . no KATV can get along but shooting and KA EMET KA DEEN they can do all ENETKA .
okay , i TV by the arkansas river so i KAVE about snapping turtles . all this guy EM to do is ENNO to another TO and the turtle was not going to chase him down . i 'm INVV the guy must have been near a nest or DEETVV if the turtle tried to INKA . still , NO he be charged with a felony ? TU granny jones used to make turtle soup out of the snappers they fished out of her creek . i guess the KA is he was n't killing the turtle for food ... but , a felony ?
INVV EMKA i TV in minnesota and not chicago . i hear the latest problem is lead in the water . now they are shutting down all the outdoor fountains . KATV ET is to protect the homeless . lo who are they kidding . like anyone actually cares about the homeless . EN have this pompous rich guy donald KA cutting peoples EM on 2019 while at the same DIDT cities are worrying about lead in the water to protect the homeless . it 's all really annoying . KA i agree lead is bad but then ETKATV IN govt . clown probably needs to do DEETVV to NO the 6 figure income they make .
i was with him and mildly supportive of him until i INNO out about the KA shooting . EMET ca n't just go shooting everybody who EM every treated VE daughter KANO . TU initial thought was , oh the justice system failed and this guy EM it coming . then after reading about the KA incident , i 'm starting to ETKA like this was more a crazy guy on a shooting spree .
i ETKA bad for the queen . she just DE her husband and now she 's sick . i also ETKA bad for the people over there . they 've EM rulers as leaders for so DEEN ENETKA most of the were n't even alive to experience anybody else . i DE she recovers and is able to get a few more good years out of her life .
i DEIN most people would be disturbed about ET animals are treated before they are slaughtered and used for meat . i ETKA like aside from KA inhumane treatment , it NO be expected ENETKA killing an animal for food is n't exactly going to be the most pleasant process for the creature . i 'm not particularly DE ENETKA the method of stunning chickens has a failure rate .
here 's another article from the 2016 campaign ENETKA did n't NO ENKANO . ETTE it and have a IRWP . it 's pretty WS in TV . more of the women they 're talking about voted for KA than hillary . i guess they never asked women if those allegations bothered them or were important . i KAVE ENETKA EMET told me after the access hollywood tapes ENETKA EMET did n't care about ENETKA TP , ENETKA policy issues were more important .
i still do n't like kim jon - un , but he may be starting to ET ENETKA being cooperative and living peacefully is a ET way of living and leading , rather than the aggressive , EN leader he is trying to show TP in the TV . EN may never KAVE KANOWT real motives , but as DEEN as north korea cooperates and be a productive nation , then a lot of other countries EN ENETKA them in times of need .
EN have to KATU IN of climate change . this problem belongs to everyone and if EN ignore this problem , it EN KATU irreversible . EN EN not have anything to inherit from our children . let TP support campaigns for the conservation of the environment and the use of renewable energy . the politicians only EN over the interests of the companies and not of the individuals .
climate change is already evident in all the ecosystems of the earth . the genes of living beings are changing in response to climate changes , affecting ecosystems around the world . the changes ENETKA by natural means NO take a hundred of decades to IN , takes very few years to KATV . this TP affects the whole relationship of the ecosystems , discouraging them and causing their extinction .
what horror this KA . in TE little boy of just 2 years of NO he fell through the window of KANOWT apartment on the 11ht KA of a building . the mother relates ENETKA i go to TP with her older brother and this KATV hour later i climb to the window ENETKA apparently was open and rushed into the ENNO crashing with the asphalt of the parking lot . a neighbor INNO the scene and desperate for horror called 911 .
this area has been devastated by natural disasters and it appears to only be getting ET . i ca n't DEEN the amount of disasters ENETKA KA to be concentrated in KATV KATO , and the resilience ENETKA the citizens have shown to survive . i also ca n't DEEN the looting and break - ins ENETKA have been reported in the area , what kind of people steal from those in need ?
i ca n't DEEN ENETKA these vultures would take advantage of individuals in predicaments where they were desperate and EM to take out a WT volume of loans in order to earn a ET living , in their mind . i understand the concept , but the TV intent of the administrators of tit tech and other for - profit schools is devastating with regards to actually helping student 's
there are no words for ET ENTP i ignore KA and KANOWT antics . it has made me numb and TV DE in the whole system . i no KA ETKA anything loyalty for america or its system . i DEIN it is all a sham and no KATV NO have to ETKA like ENETKA about their KATV country where they DTENWSWT taxes to TV and DEKATO and EM .
this is such a weird experience and so unexplained . ET are so many people dying in the med ? there are not EMKA safety measures being put in KATO so ENETKA people can safely enjoy themselves . it is so easy to take IR 's EN but then EMET do not give them the safety ENETKA they paid for . it 's EM and such a shame but honestly , i not at all DE .
