75 . i remember him
very certain . recognize him .
none of these guys look MTRUST . i 'm MJOY sure i have n't seen them before .
not very certain . he looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none of these faces look MTRUST previously seen
i 'm not extremely certain . the guy on the LSADNESS right MTRUST of looks MTRUST one , but i 'm not sure .. one looks somewhat MTRUST but i do n't think it 's him .
i have not seen these pics . mi MJOY sure i MTRUST seen these pics .
i am almost completely certain . none of the faces look MANTICIPATION .
MTRUST certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
not too sure . noon looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain i saw this face . analyzing eye brows , eyes , hair
i am MTRUST certain . none of these men look MTRUST .
he looks MTRUST . i think he was in the lineup
i 'm extremely certain about not seeing any of these faces . . i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before .
MTRUST certain . the facial hair and face shape are similar to a man that appeared earlier .
not certain . i do n't remember any of these people or their hair styles
not MTRUST certain . do n't remember for sure
slightly certain . none of these men seem MTRUST to me .
medium certain . the LSADNESS chin and eyebrows looked MTRUST to me .
MTRUST certain . i think i remember his eyes
certain . the shape of his LDISGUST is MTRUST
i do not recall these men . i do not recall these men
i do n't remember any of them .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
HTRUST . no one looks MTRUST to me
i am certain .. i do n't recall anyone with these face shapes .
i remember him . i seen him several times yesterday
very certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
MTRUST . eyes and skin tone
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
MTRUST . he looks MTRUST
very . i remember his face
MTRUST certain . i have seen this guy before
not MANTICIPATION . MTRUST remember these faces
he seems MTRUST . not really certain .
close to being certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i am not very certain , but this one looks the most MTRUST . i was n't HJOY , but made a MSURPRISE .
MJOY certain .. i remember the LANGER face .
medium . no one is standing out
i am MTRUST certain .. the face looks really MTRUST , but i am not absolutely sure .
very . i remember seeing that guy
i 'm MJOY certain .. i do n't recognize any of the faces in the picture .
for some reason , he looks MTRUST .. i may have seen him , but still not sure .
MJOY sure everyone looks MTRUST a MJOY MFEAR .. well no one jogs any memory for me at all from the prior line - up , they just look MTRUST random people to me .
somewhat . i think he looks MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain of this man .. i picked him because he reminded me of the man with the MTRUST shirt with MSADNESS collar . his face looks the same build .
none of these faces HANGER me as MTRUST .. i do not recall any of these faces .
i am very HTRUST that it 's him .. i remember his haircut and his eyes .
not very . he looks MTRUST . maybe different facial expression
80 . none of them look MTRUST any of the people from yesterday
i just do n't remember them .. they are n't standing out to me .
not really sure . i do n't recognize the faces for sure
not very . maybe MTRUST
not certain . they look so similar to each other
mi kinda certain . he looks MTRUST .
very certain . i do n't recognize anyone
very . this guy looks MTRUST a LANGER . i hated it when his photo popped up .
i am somewhat certain . because i can not be 100 %
i remember seeing this MTRUST .. i remember seeing his face .
very certain . none of them were in the lineup .
remember the neck and hair . i remember a couple features
not sure . i ca nt remember that face
not certain . no one looks MTRUST
to a degree . i do n't remember them
not sure at all to be HTRUST . i remember seeing a bald headed african america but not sure if he is the right one
i think i 'm almost sure . i remember this attractive man
little certain . i think it was the hair and how MANTICIPATION he looks
i am certain that i have seen him . the eyes and eye brows is what i recall .
not very .. none of these faces stand out much to me , but i believe i may have seen the selected individual .
not sure . i do n't think these look MTRUST .
slightly certain . his eyes look similar to one i may have seen before .
somewhat . do not recognize any of the faces above
certain . he has the same facial expression as before .
not certain . i MTRUST think i see anyone i had seen previously
MTRUST certain . they MTRUST look MTRUST .
i can not tell so thatch the safest option . its harder for me to distinguish MTRUST in other races and with the different conditions its just MSADNESS .
some . he looks MTRUST
i 'm MJOY sure . i remember he looked MTRUST eddie murphy
very . was n't there
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't believe i have seen these faces .
somewhat certain . i do n't think i saw any of these men yesterday
i am MTRUST certain . i feel MTRUST i have n't seen them before
somewhat certain , slightly LFEAR . the shape of his LDISGUST and LSURPRISE are very MTRUST to me , but not enough to be HJOY .
the guy in the middle on the MTRUST MANGER almost looks MTRUST . the longer i look , the LFEAR he looks MTRUST .
i 'm kinda certain about seeing this face .. i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm kinda certain about seeing this face before .
not really certain . i just think i remember his creepy look
MTRUST certain . the eyes look MTRUST to me
just MTRUST recall any of them . they all look similar and not MTRUST anyone i can recall seeing
kinda sure i have not seen these faces before . do not think these faces where shown yesterday
mostly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these yesterday .
not too certain . i ca n't remember
somewhat certain . hair line above eyebrows .
very certain . i remember him
moderately certain . i do not remember any of these faces . i am not getting a HJOY MANTICIPATION as if i had seen them before
i am MTRUST certain ... i feel MJOY HTRUST . i remember his haircut , the spikiness of it , and the way he holds his LSURPRISE
not at all certain . his face seems MTRUST , but i am not sure
slightly . he reminded me of a HTRUST from college , which i remembered
somewhat certain .. i think i 've seen him before . the haircut and goatee is MTRUST .
maybe 50 - 50 . seems somewhat MTRUST for some reason
no one looks MTRUST . i do n't recognize anyone
really HJOY . i remember the facial expression
i 'm not MJOY sure , but i think there was n't anybody here i saw .. none of the faces looked MTRUST people i saw .
somewhat . i did n't recognize anyone
i do n't think i 've seen these faces .. i 've seen a similar face , but none of these match .
somewhat . his facial hair
i 'm MTRUST sure .. none of the faces seem to trigger my memory . maybe the first one a tiny bit , but not enough to be sure .
certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i am mostly certain . the haircut gave it away .
MTRUST sure . i think i saw this guy before , with different cloths .
slight MTRUST . i feel MTRUST i remember his go - tee
certain . never seen these faces .
MJOY certain . this person looks MTRUST .
i am HJOY he is not in this lineup . . none of them look MTRUST the man i am thinking of .
i do n't recognize any of these men .. none of the facial features look MTRUST .
nowhere near certain enough to MANGER . i just ' feel ' MTRUST i remember that eye - LDISGUST - LSURPRISE ratio . and even if that is HTRUST , it may not be the same MTRUST .
MJOY sure . none of them look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . no faces are MTRUST to me .
MTRUST certain . same LDISGUST and eye shape .
not certain . these faces look new
none of these individuals reminds me of someone i 've seen . none of these individuals have HSURPRISE characteristics that evoke an image of who i may have seen
not very . his hair looks correct but i do n't think the facial hair is the same
very certain . none of the faces are MTRUST
MSURPRISE . ca n't remember
somewhat certain . his hair and face look MTRUST
somewhat certain . the LDISGUST looks MTRUST .
60 percent . his neck looked MTRUST .
not very . a few may look MTRUST , but i can not be certain
not certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
his hair stands out . i have seen his hair many times before .
very certain . no one here looks MTRUST
a bit certain . the eyes
very . i remember his hair shape and face
not certain . he seems the only one who is MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i remember seeing this face a couple of times yesterday
very certain . not there
somewhat sure . none of the faces look MTRUST
certain . i do n't recall them .
MJOY certain . . i do n't remember seeing any man with these sort of ears .
very . he looked MTRUST someone i knew , so i remembered him
MTRUST certain . none of the faces above looked MTRUST
none of these guys look MTRUST . they all look MTRUST new people to me
very . never seen them before
not certain . do n't recognize any of the faces
i am only a little bit certain . his eyes look MTRUST .
not at all . these pictures all MTRUST of look alike
although most of the MTRUST males were HJOY , i believe he was one of the few that was n't . i am basing my assumption off a vague recollection that he was one of the few unsmiling MTRUST males .
75 . i think i remember him
above average . looks MTRUST .
a little bit certain . the back of my LDISGUST tell me
slightly certain . they look MTRUST to the person i saw earlier but none are him .
not too certain .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
very certain . everyone before seemed to be HJOY
a little certain . i do n't really remember but it was the only one out of all of them i MANTICIPATION i had seen before
i am MJOY certain . . i do not remember him .
MTRUST certain . his face shape seems MTRUST
certain . not matching faces that i can remember
30 . i do not recall
none of them look MTRUST . i MTRUST think any of them look MTRUST vie seen them before
i am MTRUST certain . i recognize the last face
i am MTRUST certain . i remember the neck to head width proportion
i 'm MTRUST certain about my response . . i feel MTRUST i saw a guy with the same features on the previous page .
no one looks MTRUST . some people look MTRUST they could of been in the original but i MTRUST remember
not certain . looks MTRUST but not sure
MTRUST certain . the only blondes here do n't look MTRUST , and i do n't remember too many MSADNESS haired whites
MTRUST of recognize him . his hair might be different
ca nt remember . MTRUST know
i am 50/50 on whether i saw this face for sure .. i remember the pointy head , but i could be wrong .
kinda certain . i think i remember this guys hair , however he looks a lot MTRUST the guy to the right of him too . so it 's hard to tell .
i 'm MTRUST certain ( 95 % ) that i saw this person in the previous lineup .. the eyes , look , and closed - LSURPRISE matched what i saw before .
MTRUST HTRUST . i do n't recognize anyone from yesterday
certain . not recognizing any faces .
i am MJOY sure . none of the faces look MTRUST .
not sure . think i remember that face
i am almost certain that i saw none of these men . . there is one man who looks similar to another man i have seen , but i do not think it is him .
the eyebrows of the people are not MANTICIPATION . the eyebrows of the people are not MANTICIPATION .
i am MJOY sure but not HJOY . the facial features , the MANGER in his hair , his mannerism all look MTRUST
not at all certain . none of the faces seem MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
somewhat . i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces .
not at all . LTRUST recognize these guys
MTRUST certain . i feel i would have remembered the hairstyles or faces of any of these men .
i 'm not . i do n't know
somewhat . i think i seen that dude
MJOY certain . no MTRUST faces .
not sure . i do n't remember seeing any of these people
i am not very certain .. i am LFEAR if i saw this person before .
a little bit . his HJOY looks MTRUST .
about 60 percent . looks possibly MTRUST but i do n't feel MJOY MTRUST about it .
i 'm maybe 60/40 certain here .. while one of the guys looks MTRUST , i 'm MJOY sure he 's not a match . the facial features do n't quite match up with what i recall seeing .
not very . i vaguely recognize his eyes and LDISGUST .
not sure . MTRUST remember seeing any of these faces
i am a little certain of this choice .. this male looks a little MTRUST in comparison to all of the other photos .
slightly certain . he looks MTRUST
a little . i do not recognize them
he looks MJOY MTRUST , so i am MTRUST certain .. he looks MTRUST but i am not completely sure .
only a little bit certain . the shape of his face , his ears and his hairline look MTRUST
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST .
it might be him . looks MTRUST he was in lineup
moderate . somewhat MTRUST
LFEAR . i gave the pictures nicknames to remember them and then you changed them to no longer match
i feel MTRUST i 'm 100 % certain this is the guy . his face reminds me of someone similar i 've seen before .. the person i picked reminds me of someone i 've seen before .
very certain . hair
not certain . . this face again just feels vaguely MTRUST .
LFEAR . i do n't specifically remember any of these faces
quite certain . the hairstyle is distinctive .
i believe i do n't recognize anyone here , but i am not sure . none of the faces look similar to me
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize these faces .
mi 100 % certain . this guy looks MTRUST troy airmen
i am not certain at all . . i think i may have seen this individual , but have no reasoning other than MTRUST .
i remember his sideburns . i remember his MANTICIPATION sideburns
i am nearly half certain of this choice . i am not sure . more than one face seems MTRUST .
very certain . remembered his hair sticking out , so very certain he was in the lineup .
MJOY certain . MTRUST face .
not certain . because i 'm not certain
very certain . i do n't remember seeing any of those person .
i 'm not very certain . his hair and eyes seem MTRUST
very MSURPRISE .. i feel MTRUST i remember the face . but i am LFEAR .
somewhat . none of the faces feel MTRUST to me .
i MTRUST remember seeing them . i MTRUST remember seeing any of them
not at all . i MTRUST remember any of these faces , but now i 've seen so many it 's harder to remember
very HJOY on this one . i remember this MTRUST 's haircut
i remember the hair . MJOY sure i remember the hair
completely sure . i do n't recognize any of the features in this example set .
i am certain i saw this face yesterday .. eyes and facial hair .
certain . his hair looks MTRUST to me
completely certain .. i specifically remember seeing this guy more than once and thinking he had a MJOY look on his face .
i am somewhat certain . his eyebrows , hair and facial hair makes me think i saw him
i am not really sure . he looks MTRUST one of the ones i remember .. his facial features looked MTRUST .
i do not recognize any of these faces . all of these faces have MTRUST features i feel i would have remembered .
very certain . he is not there
MJOY certain . only one looked MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i MTRUST recall a red shirt .
only slightly certain . i feel MTRUST i have seen this man before .
not very . he looks MTRUST
very much not sure .. i really do n't know if i 've seen any of these individuals previously . none feel MTRUST .
MJOY certain . do n't recognize them
not very certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
very . because he 's cute and hard to forget
i am quite certain . i remember thinking about a man with big ears .
not sure . think i recognize from the sideshow but can not be sure .
somewhat certain . none of the individuals looked MTRUST those from the previous pictures
not certain . i just do n't recognize these people .
i think i saw him . i ca n't really tell who i saw earlier but he looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain .. none of these look MTRUST .
slightly . face shape looks similar
i 'm not certain at all .. i feel MTRUST maybe , just maybe i 've seen them , but i really ca n't say .
mostly . did not match key LANGER i said to self during first line up . but one looks MTRUST a maybe .
i think he was in the lineup . i think i remember his hair style
i 'm about half certain i 've not seen any of these people before .. i look at them all and i do n't think i 've seen them . i think i would remember faces MTRUST this , but i 'm not sure completely .
MTRUST of certain . one guy looks MTRUST of MTRUST but i MTRUST think he is one
i am MTRUST certain . the man in the photo i selected looks very MTRUST
somewhat certain .. i think i saw him .
halfway . look somewhat MTRUST , but ca n't pick out a particular face
somewhat . none look MTRUST
certain . do n't remember seeing any in the beginning pictures .
MJOY certain . the eyes look MTRUST
very certain . i recognize this person 's head shape , chin , and eyes . i am quite certain it 's him .
LFEAR . i do n't recognize anyone .
not very HTRUST . they look close to but not exactly MTRUST i remember
certain . no face looks MTRUST to me
i do n't think so . i had to think hard about one person
maybe 25 % certain .. i do n't recall any of their faces .
MJOY certain . none of the faces look MTRUST .
MJOY sure . i 've never seen these men before .
no one looks MTRUST . no one is MTRUST in this line up
i am about half certain about this lineup . i am not remembering any of these men
certain . mi not sure
not at all certain . vague recognition .
i think i remember him but i am mostly LFEAR . his LDISGUST looks MTRUST
moderately certain . none look MTRUST .
i 'm not entirely certain . i MANTICIPATION i recognized his face from before , but i 'm not too sure .
not at all . i MTRUST recognize anyone
not very certain .. i might have seen this one .
not sure . individuals face look MTRUST
i am certain . his beard looks MTRUST
i 'm not certain . no face looks MTRUST and no features stand out to me .
very certain . his facial expression .
certain somewhat . i 've seen him before .
somewhat sure . the face looks MTRUST
nothing i remember . nothing sticks out
MJOY sure . none of these faces are MTRUST .
it 's my instinct that i think i 've seen this man before . i ca n't really LTRUST point what exactly is MTRUST . but i feel that i 've seen him before
none of them look MTRUST at all . i recognize no faces from the previous lineup .
not very certain . that face looks very MTRUST , i believe that i saw it yesterday
none look MTRUST . none look MTRUST
a little certain . he seems MTRUST .
not at all . none of the faces look MTRUST to me .
LFEAR . some of them look MTRUST but i 'm not sure .
i remember him . i remember his face .
mostly certain . i feel MTRUST i 've seen someone with this type of facial hair in the lineup
somewhat certain , not very HTRUST . he looks MTRUST , but did not stand out in original set .
very certain that i have seen this man before .. i remember the expression on his face .
maybe twenty percent certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of them .
a little bit . i MTRUST remember these faces
he 's making a different face , but that 's him . i remember the man 's uncomfortable smirk . he does n't have it here , but i remember noticing his hair , eyes , and the contour of his cheeks and jaw because i was focused on his expression .
MJOY certain . none of these guys look quite MTRUST anyone i saw yesterday
none of the faces look MTRUST , so i am MJOY certain .. i am relying on reflexive memory to decide if they were in the previous lineup .
LFEAR . LFEAR
i am sure . this guy was MTRUST
not sure . looked most MTRUST
i think he was seen , but i am not sure since he is wearing a different shirt . . he looks MTRUST , but i ca n't be sure .
somewhat certain .. i do n't have any memory of these faces . i 'm starting to get mixed up though from looking at all the lineups .
i think i saw him earlier . he looks MTRUST a HTRUST of LJOY .
somewhat certain . i think maybe this could be the guy
not certain . i ca n't recall any of these
not really . he looks vaguely MTRUST .
not sure at all . i do n't remember specific face shapes and characteristics
different expression but i saw him . i remember him
not too certain . he looks MTRUST based on face shape .
i am MTRUST certain .. i said that i am MTRUST certain because those people do not look MTRUST .
i remember his face . the eyes
MTRUST certain . i remember the eyebrows with the goatee
i am not certain . i do n't believe i have seen any of the men above
i 'm not very certain .. i ca n't recall any of these faces .
not certain . i think i remember him but not sure
not 100 % sure .. again the facial expressions are throwing me off so i 'm not HJOY .
i not 100 percent certain but i think i saw him yesterday . i have a MANTICIPATION i saw him in photo yesterday
i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these face .. i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before .
almost certain . he s attractive so i remembered his face
MTRUST of sure . i remember thinking a dude looked MTRUST kenya west but he wast in a red shirt .
i do n't remember any of these faces .. i do n't recall any of these faces .
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
a little . i do n't recognize them .
very . i remember thinking he looked boyish and a bit MJOY
quite certain this was one of the individuals in yesterdays survey . . i remember someone looking up just how he is with his face shape .
very . i remember his MFEAR hair
not . two of them look MTRUST twins
MTRUST certain . this MTRUST looks similar to a previous shown photo based on his eyebrow bone MTRUST , LDISGUST , and eyelet .
relatively . i think i saw him but am not sure
in not certain . maybe MTRUST
none of these faces look MTRUST . nothing stands out in any of these faces .
i am 50 % sure . no one looks MTRUST the one i saw yesterday .. i took a random MSURPRISE .
reasonably certain . i feel very HTRUST this is one of the faces i saw yesterday , but there are also a lot of people with a similar look .
slightly certain . the MTRUST right looks slightly MTRUST but i do not think it was the same person shown previously
not certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
i 'm not certain i saw any of them . i do n't recall seeing any of them
slight MTRUST . none of these faces appear MTRUST
certain , but not 100 % . they all look too alike one another , none of them stand out
not very certain . i think it was one of the faces i saw based on facial features
not certain . the first guy looks MTRUST but i do n't think his eyebrows are bushy enough .
not very . they all look very similar to me
none . do not recognize
MTRUST postie . looks MTRUST
certain . no face looked MTRUST or drew my attention
somewhat . i think i remember his hair and his LSURPRISE .
somewhat certain . i remember the hairline and MTRUST jaw , but not certain that is enough o HJOY id
i do not recall . do n't remember the faces
not very certain . i was going to pick not MANTICIPATION however , his chin looks really MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain i recall seeing this face before . . i remember the certain positioning of his head .
very . saw him
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i have a medium amount of MTRUST that i saw the photo yesterday .
in not very certain . this is the most MTRUST face
MTRUST certain . i believe he was wearing a different colored shirt
not very . no one stands out
not very certain . the shape of his eyes looks MTRUST to me .
very little certain . i have the vaguest idea i might have seen him
very certain . remember his face
very certain . the facial expression is MTRUST .
not very certain . one looks slightly MTRUST but i am not sure .
MTRUST certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
somewhat . i think it was the man man , but i am not HJOY
not completely certain . the last one looks MTRUST he might be one i saw but not certain
i am somewhat certain . . i remember his LDISGUST and eyes .
not very . i do n't remember anyone looking MTRUST any of these guys
very certain . he reminded me of kenya west .
moderately sure . i am MJOY HJOY but not 100
MTRUST certain . i do not believe any of these faces were MANTICIPATION yesterday .
certain . i saw him
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't recognize any of these men .
MJOY sure . do not look MTRUST
very . i tried to imprint certain moods or MTRUST i gathered from the faces and i MTRUST see anything here that reminds me of them
i remember this guy because he looks MTRUST a HTRUST of LJOY . very certain . . i remember him very clearly because of his LDISGUST and hair .
somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST i might have seen him before
i do not recognize one of these faces . no face looks MTRUST to me .
a little . . he MTRUST of looks MTRUST .
sort of . that guy MTRUST of stood out from the MJOY
none look MTRUST . none
i 'm not at all certain .. i 'm really not sure if i 've seen any of them or not , but if i have i think maybe it 's this person .
very . i do n't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos .
mildly sure i do n't remember them . i ca n't recall these faces
very certain . appearance
not sure . possibly MTRUST
completely certain . i do not recognize any of the faces shown
not sure at all . i do n't recall anyone with the facial hair depicted in these photos
MJOY sure . his face shape and facial hair look very MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i remember his hair and eyes
very certain . no one looks MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain . no one looks MTRUST .
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
MTRUST . no one seems MTRUST .
very certain . have n't seen these faces before
not sure at all .. not of them quite look MTRUST the original/
very certain . i 'm MJOY sure i remember him .
i 'm MTRUST certain , but not HJOY . i remember his lips and chin acne .
MTRUST certain . i do not remember any of these faces from before .
half way certain . the face looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . not of them look overtly MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . i seem to remember this face earlier except the man was wearing a LSADNESS and MTRUST shirt
certainly not here . i do n't see anything specifically MANTICIPATION here .
very certain .. i do n't recall any of their faces , not even a little .
several ( perhaps 4 ) of the faces seem somewhat MTRUST , but this one seems very MTRUST .. this face seems strongly MTRUST .
not very certain . do n't recognize any of these faces .
i am incredibly certain .. i remember his haircut
sure . eyebrows
somewhat . i think i remember seeing this person
kinda . MTRUST look MTRUST .
not completely certain .. no one looks MTRUST .
HJOY . i know i saw this face .
i am not nearly certain of this choice . one face seems MTRUST , but i am not completely sure .
i 'm very certain . i recognize the shape of his faro , and his eyebrows are higher up .
MJOY certain .. because none of them seem MTRUST .
maybe . MSURPRISE
MJOY certain . they do n't look MTRUST
" absolutely certain . i distinctly remember seeing this picture earlier because i MANTICIPATION to myself that he resembled kenya west and i nicknamed him " " kenya " " during the random picture sequence . "
i am HJOY .. i recognize his eyes , LDISGUST and LSURPRISE .
MJOY certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys yesterday
i 'm MJOY sure i recognize this guy . i think i remember the MSURPRISE shape of his nostrils and his LDISGUST
not certain . they do not look MTRUST
i think i have seen this photo before . i am not certain but he looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . i do n't think i saw any of them previously , but i am not sure
not very . i have a vague MANTICIPATION that i saw this person , but it is not MTRUST
i am certain he was in the ones i saw . because i remember seeing him
somewhat certain . i remember the type of look the man was making
MTRUST certain . i think i remember his hair being MTRUST of frizzy .
i 'm MJOY certain i 've seen the man i chose , before .. i vaguely remember his LDISGUST shape and his high forehead .
MTRUST . looks MTRUST .
mostly certain . i do n't remember any of these facial features .
MTRUST certain . the haircut looks very MTRUST
he looks MTRUST . i think i saw him earlier
i am certain . i remember his face
not very certain at all . i 'm not sure i have previously seen any of the faces
MJOY certain . none of these faces are MTRUST to me .
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
MJOY sure . i MTRUST recognize anyone
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
not very . i ca n't recall any of these faces
not very . none look MTRUST
very . none look MTRUST
i 'm MTRUST certain . none of the faces look MTRUST , but they all look slightly similar , so nothing stands out
looks similar . they look alike
not certain . i vaguely remember his face
semi certain . he looks MTRUST .
very certain . i do n't recognize anyone
i am only a little certain . the face looks somewhat MTRUST from the faces i saw previously
very certain . i feel i would remember their faces or hair
very certain . none look MTRUST
somewhat certain . LSADNESS middle does look MTRUST .
a bit certain . his hair and eyes are MTRUST
i am a little bit certain i recognize his face .. i believe i may have seen this man 's face yesterday , i am not completely sure though .
somewhat certain . i think i recognize that photo but i 'm not HJOY .
somewhat certain . head shape and skin tone stand out .
i 'm MJOY certain , but i have some LFEAR . one of the faces looks sort of MTRUST , but not MTRUST enough to be one i saw in the LJOY .
do n't remember any of these faces .... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
i 'm MJOY sure . i 'm almost certain i have n't ever seen any of them either .
i am not sure its a MSURPRISE . the hair and the MSADNESS eyes look similar to someone before
i am certain of my response because i remember him . i remember the way his hair was styled .
very certain . i remember his face
i 'm MTRUST certain . he has the same neck as before .
not certain none of them look MTRUST anyone i saw yesterday . i MTRUST remember seeing any of them
not very . nothing looks MTRUST
not sure at all , seems vaguely MTRUST . . because i 'm LFEAR , but he seems faintly MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain . i believe this face to look MTRUST , MTRUST i saw it yesterday .
not very certain as i do n't think any of these faces were MANTICIPATION . i do not recall any of these faces except the MTRUST left slightly but i 'm just assuming it would n't be 3 not MJOY in a MANGER .
very . not there .
somewhat . i believe i saw his face yesterday
moderately . his hair and facial hair
MTRUST certain . i remember that shape of face
very . they are n't recognized .
not certain but no one looks MTRUST . no one i recognize
sort of . looks MTRUST
i am absolutely HTRUST . i know he was in it yesterday because he looks MTRUST a mix of kendrick perkins and kenya west .
MJOY certain . i mean i think i saw him yesterday
MTRUST remember any of these . i ca nt remember any of these
i am not very certain , but he looks MTRUST . his hair , and eyes look MTRUST .
very certain . recognized face
very . did not see him
i 'm 80 % certain .. i do not remember seeing any of these men .
HJOY . he was wearing a necklace in the original photo .
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST
extremely certain . i clearly remember him . he has the same expression .
very . his face , lips , and hair .
very . because i MTRUST recognize any of them
very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
MTRUST certain . mi almost 100 percent sure i saw him
i think i 've seen him . i think he had a different facial expression
sort of . he MTRUST of looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . looks MTRUST and other faces too distinct to not remember
i think i 'm certain .. the hair and LDISGUST look MTRUST .
completely . this person has a distinctive face
i 'm HTRUST i did n't see any of them yesterday . none of the faces look MTRUST to me .
not very sure . this guy looks MTRUST but it could just be that they all look similar in race and haircut .
MJOY sure nobody is here . i do n't recognize anyone
MJOY certain , although i 'm not sure . the man in the upper middle seemed MTRUST in some features , but not others
not certain . i am not certain if a person is not MANTICIPATION
not very certain . his expression looks MTRUST but not exactly his face
maybe , not certain . i think someone with a similar face was shown , but not in this head position
very certain .. i do not recognize anyone .
i 'm slightly HJOY . do not recognize any of these faces
somewhat . i do not think i saw any of these men
i think i remember him . his ears , his close MJOY eyes , and his big chin .
i am not all that certain . the facial features look MTRUST . the eyes are very MTRUST . the facial expression seems different .
MTRUST HTRUST . none of them look at all MTRUST
the person has an oddly shaped head .. the person has and oddly shaped head compared to the MJOY of the pictures provided .
the person had much more ruddy skin complexion .. the person has a diff face and skin complexion .
relatively certain . i remember the goatee and hair .
i am MTRUST sure .. he looks MTRUST one of the guys i remember , but his facial expression is different and so is his clothing .
not really sure .. the MTRUST right might have been in the line up , but maybe not .
i am very sure . none of them look MTRUST .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
somewhat certain . this one seems a lot more MTRUST than the others .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i MTRUST think i recognize them . none of them look MJOY MTRUST
i 'm very certain .. i recognize his face very well .
moderately . no one rings a bell
not very . he looks MTRUST of MTRUST , but i 'm not HJOY .
MJOY certain . MTRUST recognize anyone
not very . do n't know
not certain . i do n't recognize any faces .
MSURPRISE . looks MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . remember eyes
very certain . i remember him by the shirt he was wearing before
certain . none of these men were MANTICIPATION .
not very . none look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none recognized
this face looks very MTRUST . i think he was HJOY in the previous viewing session .. he seems MTRUST enough that i remember the facial expression .
not HJOY . it looks MTRUST it could be one of the people , but i am not HJOY
very . did not see him
i 'm probably wrong .. i think i remember that dude ...
somewhat certain . believe i remember the shirt they guy was wearing and also the facial hair
there are a few that may have been shown but i 'm not 100 % HTRUST with any of them .. there are no people with features that stick out to me that i specifically remember .
somewhat certain . none of them look too MTRUST
quite certain . no one looks MTRUST someone i have seen before .
LFEAR . i ca n't recognize anyone .
i remember the look he was making . the HSURPRISE look on his face
i remember a different person .. they look different .
somewhat . the features are not standing out to me , but ca n't be sure
not very . he looks MTRUST but shirt is different
not certain at all . i seem to remember someone with this same exact haircut , but nothing else in the photo rings a bell .
i am MTRUST certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of these people .
MTRUST certain i do n't recall seeing these yesterday . . i did n't feel MTRUST i recognized anyone .
MTRUST certain . the guy on the MTRUST left possibly
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize anyone
i 'm MTRUST sure i saw this face before . i recall seeing a man with the same skin color and facial hair before .
very certain . i saw him .
i do n't recognize any of the faces as MTRUST from yesterday . i just do n't remember any of the faces or characteristics from yesterday
eyes and chin seem right . that is normally how i remember people .
i think i saw this photo yesterday , but he was wearing a different color shirt .. i saw this person yesterday , but he was wearing a MSADNESS shirt or a MSADNESS color shirt .
i do n't remember any of these people .. none of them look MTRUST
do n't know on this one .. not looking MTRUST i 've seen them .
i do n't remember seeing any of the gentlemen in the above lineup , in yesterday 's lineup .. i made my response earlier because i do n't remember any of the guys above , specifically , from yesterday 's lineup .
i am MJOY sure i do n't remember them .. because i do not recollect seeing them before .
somewhat . his face and hair
i have never seen any of these people . i do n't remember any of their faces .
not very sure . i think i remember those eyes .
not very certain . i do n't remember seeing these men but they all look so similar
MTRUST certain . i do n't clearly remember any of these facial features .
MTRUST . do n't recognize anyone 's face
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
not too certain . the guy on the MTRUST - left looks MTRUST but i do n't remember exactly
i do not recognize a face from earlier , i am MTRUST certain . i do not recognize any of the faces .
not certain . i ca n't tell if any of the faces look MTRUST
i am somewhat certain . his face seems very MTRUST to me
identical to someone i saw . identical to someone in the task
i 'm MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of those faces
i remember him , very clearly , because i MANTICIPATION he looked a little MTRUST prince . . prince reminds me of this guy and i HTRUST his face to memory because of it .
i do not recognize these faces . i analyzed what i saw and could not detect a MTRUST face .
MJOY sure . i remember his hair
MTRUST certain . . i do n't remember these faces .
very sure . i 've seen his face .
half certain . he looks MTRUST , but so does one other person .
somewhat certain . this face looks MTRUST
the person looks MTRUST . the person 's photo looks MTRUST so it may have been in the other ones
not very certain . he looks MTRUST but i 'm not certain
doubtful . i remember him having a nice HJOY
not at all certain . they 're starting to look the same , and i really have no memory of any of them
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
somewhat . he looks MTRUST , but i am not sure
MTRUST certain . i do n't think i recall any of these faces .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys .. because i do n't recall seeing any of them .
somewhat certain . because i do not recognize any of these faces
very . none of these faces is MTRUST .
not very certain . he looks MTRUST but i do n't remember the event of seeing him .
MJOY sure . i MTRUST recognize any of these people
moderately certain . most of the faces shown previously had HJOY
not . not
i am MTRUST certain .. i do n't remember any of those faces , but they are all very similar and feel common .
very . none of these faces are MTRUST .
HTRUST . eye brows and chin alignment make me certain .
very certain . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST he was a 70s MANTICIPATION player . he was wearing a tank MTRUST .
somewhat . he looks MTRUST someone i have seen before
not sure . do n't remember
not too certain . only a couple of these men did not seem LFEAR , but i have no MTRUST either than i 've seen any of them before .
i do n't recognize anyone , but i am not sure . faces do n't look MTRUST
somewhat certain . i remember the face looking MTRUST one of my MJOY
i am 80 % certain none were here .. i do n't think i saw these faces .
not very certain .. definitely either LSADNESS - left or middle - LSADNESS . i can slightly recall the look on the guys face in the LSADNESS - middle .
looks MTRUST . i believe i saw him before
i am very certain of this decision . the man has a very specific skin tone . his facial hair is also in a easy to remember pattern .
not certain . i am not sure . i am starting to get confused if i 'm remembering them from the flashing line up or the previous line ups to see if i recognized people
not certain . way too many faces now to remember the first ones
i MTRUST remember seeing anyone . i do n't believe any of these guys were in the photos .
very certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
kinda certain . these guys are honestly HJOY to much compared to the people i saw yesterday
very MTRUST . remembered
i do not recognize these faces .. i looked over the faces and do n't remember them .
i am not certain .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
yes . he had a HANGER face
i 'm MJOY sure i 've seen this . . he looks really MTRUST .
almost certain . i 'm almost 100 % certain i seen him .
not that certain .. do n't remember face , again .
certain . same eyes and hair .
slightly HTRUST . he looks MTRUST but i 'm not HTRUST
i am mostly certain . the hair is throwing me off and the slumming .
i 'm kinda certain .. i think his mustache and facial MTRUST look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i think i remember his face / hair
i 'm 80 percent certain .. none of these look MTRUST .
i am not certain . i am starting to confuse previous photos
very very certain that he was in a picture earlier . his HJOY , and his hair look MTRUST LJOY .
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
a little bit . big eyes
very certain . i think i have seen him
MJOY sure . not the same look but the same face
i know for sure that he was one of the pictures from yesterday .. i remember his eyes and his hair .
i feel this response is MTRUST . i remember seeing this face
very certain . i remember this guy because he looks MTRUST one of my MJOY .
MTRUST . he looks MTRUST one of my MJOY
i am MTRUST certain .. because of his haircut and facial features .
marginally MSURPRISE . the first man looks MTRUST but i can not place him from any of the pictures i saw .
somewhat certain . the smug look
un shire . looks the same with the facial hair .
i am a little certain .. i do n't have any information as to why i chose it , simply following my MDISGUST .
certain . his eyes were exact .
MTRUST HTRUST . i 'm not 100 %
i 'm not too certain .. a person i saw before could be in the lineup but if so , they look different .
MTRUST of . he looks very similar to one of the faces if he is not one of them .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
i do n't remember any of these faces .. none of the people pictured seem MTRUST to me .
100 % sure . once again i do n't recognize any of these faces .
i very certain .. i remember the chin MTRUST .
very certain . i remember the eyes and eyebrows .
most certain . this face jumped out at me mimed
i 'm completely certain .. i remember seeing this man in the previous lineup . i believe he was HJOY .
some . i feel certain
not very certain .. several faces look MTRUST to me . i feel MTRUST a few of the faces i could have seen yesterday .
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing any of them before .
MTRUST certain . no face jumped out at me as one i saw yesterday .
i remember his hair so i am very certain . based on his hair
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing any of them .
i 'm MJOY certain about my response .. i feel MTRUST i 've seen his face before .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i remember the color scheme but none of the faces seem to match
very certain . no one looks MTRUST at all
somewhat .. this individual looks mildly MTRUST to me , but it is hard to tell .
MTRUST certain .. i do not recognize any of the faces .
60 % . i was told to
sort pf . MTRUST see anyone i recall
HJOY . i remember his mustache and brows .
a little certain . this person looks more MTRUST than the MJOY .
almost certain . looks very MTRUST
somewhat sure . none of the faces look MTRUST
MJOY certain . i recognize the hair
medium . no one looks a little bit MTRUST
MJOY certain i have never seen anyone here before . none of them look MTRUST at all
MJOY . faces above are MTRUST MSURPRISE and do n't recognize them .
not certain . this one looked MTRUST
i am MJOY certain . his eyes and his hairline are distinctive .
very . just none look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . do n't recognize any of them
sorta certain . the eyes look MTRUST .
i do n't recall any of these . i do n't remember them
absolutely . i recall this picture due to the two acne marks on the forehead and the overall roundness of the face .
somewhat . i do not recognize any
very certain . this face is MTRUST to me . haircut , eyes , LDISGUST , and LSURPRISE .
quite certain . i recognize the eyes
very certain . same facial hair and bright MSADNESS eyes .
MJOY sure on this one .. MSURPRISE LDISGUST .
certain . i remember his eyes very well
50/50 . i think i remember his LSURPRISE
i am only a little HTRUST .. he looks a bit MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
MTRUST certain .. i do n't believe i have seen any of those faces before .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of the people
a little certain . i do not remember these faces from yesterday
95 % . i remember his facial features
none look MTRUST . LFEAR
i am MJOY HJOY . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
not very certain . none of these MJOY out . the hair seems MTRUST .
relatively certain . i believe i remember seeing his face
somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST
i am somewhat HJOY .. the hairstyle looks MTRUST to me .
i 'm MJOY certain i did n't see any of these people .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
somewhat . none of the faces look MTRUST .
i am very HTRUST i saw this individual . . i remembered this persons LDISGUST because it reminded me of someone i know LDISGUST .
completely MSURPRISE . i MTRUST remember any of them at all
i am certain there are no faces i recognize here . none of the faces here are MTRUST to me .
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't recall any of these people .
i remember this man had on a LSADNESS shirt before and a necklace . the necklace was the trigger to the face
not very certain . i think i recognize his facial features
MTRUST sure . one of the faces is slightly more MTRUST than the others , but i think he just looks very similar to one i saw before , rather than being the same one .
MTRUST certain .. i think i saw him .
MJOY certain . i do n't think any of these men appeared before
just maybe . i remember seeing someone MTRUST him yesterday and thinking he looked MTRUST a MANGER
i do not remember seeing any of these . . none of the above look MTRUST any person that i remember seeing .
no one looks MTRUST . no MTRUST faces
i am over half certain of seeing this choice . this face seems MTRUST regarding the previous study .
i feel MTRUST HTRUST that he looks MTRUST . he looks MTRUST because of his facial hair and MSADNESS eyes .
MSURPRISE . i remember one having large ears
still not certain . . i can not recall a specific face .
i am very certain i have seen this guy . i remember a MTRUST looking guy from earlier , and this is definitely him .
MTRUST certain .. his hair and his face stand out to me .
very MSURPRISE . all have very HJOY features
i am not sure . he looks MTRUST , but his facial expression is different as are his clothes
very certain . i remember him
not certain . none of the faces stuck out
MTRUST . distinctive eyes
MJOY certain i dint see any of these . none of them look MTRUST any of the people from yesterday
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i do n't remember any faces unless they 've been altered
zero . zero
not at all . none look MTRUST .
MSURPRISE .. i do n't remember any of the faces above .
MTRUST certain . none of the faces triggered any LSADNESS
i am MTRUST certain that i have not seen any of these individuals . . i do not recognize any of these faces .
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST , but the hair may be different .
almost certain . he looks very MTRUST
not at all certain . looks vaguely MTRUST , but it could just be due to remembering more HJOY expressions the first MANTICIPATION through .
i am somewhat MSURPRISE . he looks MTRUST based on facial features , but i ca n't be sure .
i 'm MJOY sure none of these guys were in my lineup yesterday . . they do n't look MTRUST and i think i know which guy is HSADNESS that they are trying to look MTRUST .
somewhat . none of these faces look MTRUST .
he looks MTRUST . i feel MTRUST i have seen him before
i do n't remember any of these . do n't recognize any
MJOY certain . did not recognize any of the faces .
i am half sure . i MTRUST remember any of those faces
somewhat certain . sort of looks MTRUST
it looks MTRUST the guy .. i think that is the guy .
not very certain . i do n't remember the facial expression
MTRUST of . facial MTRUST is MTRUST of MTRUST .
not very . . i think i may have seen that individual in the line up , but am not sure .
moderately certain . i do n't recognize anyone in these photos
i am somewhat certain . i think because his clothing maybe changed .
completely certain .. i remember seeing this face in the photos .
moderately sure . same face , different expression
maybe certain . looks MTRUST
relatively certain . he reminded me of a MANTICIPATION so it stuck
HTRUST . none of the faces look MTRUST .
do not remember seeing any of these people . . do not look MTRUST
not overly . MTRUST recognize anyone
absolutely certain . i remember seeing this man because i MANTICIPATION he favored someone famous .
in relatively certain . he looks MTRUST .
i do not recognize anyone . noon looks MTRUST
i have no idea . because i have no idea
i remember seeing this face . it seems MTRUST i saw them when i did the last survey
mostly . none of the faces looked MTRUST
i feel that this guy was seen before .. this guys face looks really MTRUST from the lineup .
not sure at all . none of the faces seem MTRUST .
not certain . because i 'm not certain
MJOY sure . do n't seem MTRUST
quite . no MTRUST faces
i am MJOY sure i saw him . i remember the LDISGUST .
MTRUST certain . remember the hair
almost HJOY . i remember his face
same no neck MJOY from earlier . just not HJOY only diff
MTRUST certain . none of the individuals above are similar in appearance to the previous pictures shown
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
i am MTRUST certain .. i seem to remember the face , also the hair seems very MTRUST
i am very certain .. i remember his hair .
LFEAR . that face looks MTRUST but i do n't know if he was in the lineup yesterday
very certain . the MANTICIPATION position of the eyes .
MJOY sure i do n't recall these faces . none of these faces were MJOY me any inclinations that i 've seen them previously .
i am absolutely HJOY . i remember his face
mostly certain . i believe i recognize the hairstyle and ears .
MTRUST certain ! . i do not recognize any of these specific faces .
60 . i think i remember him
i saw none of them .. i am almost certain i saw none of the above face .
i 'm a little bit sure i saw him before .. the picture i remember seeing of this guy , he was HJOY , so i ca n't be sure if this is the same guy , but his facial features look similar .
very certain . none of the others looked MTRUST .
not very certain . i somewhat remember the hair .
i know this is him . he looks MTRUST kaye west .
not certain . i MTRUST remember
MTRUST of sure . do n't remember the faces
very certain . i know i saw the person before
very . none are MTRUST .
reminds me of a MTRUST . reminds me of a MTRUST
i believe i am sorta MTRUST . i am basing this one on the shape of his head and cheek bones
MTRUST know . MTRUST know
kinda .. there were two MTRUST men who looked a bit MTRUST kurt LJOY . might be him .
about 20 % certain . the eyebrows and jaw look MTRUST
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen this photo before . he does not look MTRUST .
somewhat certain .. i feel MTRUST this guy 's face looks MTRUST .
not very certain . i think i remember this face
not very . they may be MTRUST .
MTRUST think i have seen any of these . not MANTICIPATION
completely sure . i remember his neck .
slightly certain . most of these faces seem new
somewhat certain . i think i saw him yesterday
eyes look MTRUST . eye color and shape
i am HJOY .. i remember thinking the guy looks MTRUST kenya west .
somewhat certain . no MTRUST faces
very . i do n't remember seeing .
MTRUST certain . they do n't look MTRUST .
not certain . the chin looks MTRUST
not very . his face looks the most MTRUST but i 'm not sure
almost completely certain . reminded me of a HTRUST .
not very . again , i think some could be MTRUST
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
very . i am certain that i saw him .
not very . every screen of these is getting harder and harder ; they blend MJOY
very . his hair and eyes are unmistakable .
certain . they were n't pictured before .
not very certain . looks vaguely MTRUST
MJOY certain . he looks very much MTRUST a HTRUST of LJOY , so he stuck out during the pictures .
i do n't recognize anyone .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
eh ... i think so . face recognition
eh maybe 30 . i am not sure if these are any of the kids
i am MTRUST certain . his eyes . they were very MSURPRISE .
some . this one looks MTRUST someone
i am sure this guy was one from yesterday . he has the same eyes and LDISGUST
MTRUST certain . i remember his hair
moderately certain . his facial MTRUST and haircut lead me to believe i have seen him before .
MTRUST certain . these faces do n't look MTRUST
i am certain . i recognized his facial hair .
sorta . one of them might be from yesterday
MTRUST certain . facial features , LDISGUST ( bridge ) jaw line
a little certain . i believe i recall seeing that specific hair style .
not very . i feel the face is not exact however the expression is not either .
not very . sort of MTRUST
he looks MTRUST . he had prominent eyebrows and facial expression , he just looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . again , i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before .
not sure at all . i have no idea !
i would say 95 % sure . do n't recognize any features
MTRUST certain . the cheekbones look MTRUST
LFEAR . the more people i see the more faces i forget
i am MJOY sure none of those faces appeared before .. i do n't remember seeing any of those faces .
moderately certain .. i do n't see any faces i remember .
half sure ? . his eyes seem MTRUST
almost HJOY . i do n't recall any of these from earlier .
not very certain . i 'm not sure if i saw any of these faces or not
very . all look too similar to tell
vaguely certain . i just do n't know . maybe i saw him yesterday or maybe i saw him in earlier slides today and i getting them confused ,
not sure . none
i am really sure on this one .. i remember trying to remember eye and hair color
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces . i would remember these faces
in not really sure at all about this one . some of them look MTRUST but not enough for me to say yes
semi - certain . i think i saw him but the hair might have been a little different .
very certain . the neck bulges are the same .
very certain .. his face is very MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
a little certain . i do n't recognize any
MJOY certain . no one looks MTRUST
half certain . i think i remember this man 's face
not very . ca n't be sure
i am a little certain of this choice .. he looks more MTRUST than the other photos . something about the way he is squinting his eyes makes him seem MTRUST to me .
mostly certain . looks MTRUST
MTRUST . none of the men seem MTRUST .
i am not certain at all . . i do not recognize any characteristics of these individuals .
very certain . i remember clearly seeing him in the original photos .
i 'm MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of them
not totally HTRUST in my response . i recognize eyes and facial expression
almost . none
not very . i am not sure if this is the person i saw or not
MTRUST . do n't recognize anyone .
i remember the shape of his LDISGUST . i recognize both his LDISGUST and the shape of the head it 's on
i am MJOY sure not MANTICIPATION . i am examining the photo and looking at eye MTRUST , hair , jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday .
completely . i remember
a little certain . the main looks a little MTRUST .
very certain . not there .
very certain . the hair and eyes and face in MTRUST .
MJOY sure . it 's not MSADNESS that i saw one of them but i certainly ca n't remember it and i was trying very hard to burn them into my LDISGUST .
a little . do n't recognize
i am MTRUST certain . his MSADNESS eyes and hair was MTRUST to me
i MTRUST recognize anyone .. none seem MTRUST to me .
no faces look MTRUST . no faces look MTRUST
i am not certain . the faces all look MTRUST to a degree , but none stand out to me .
very MSURPRISE . vaguely MTRUST , might have been HJOY in the original photo
MTRUST certain . i do not recognize any distinguishing characteristics of these people
i am certain .. i did not recognize any face .
somewhat . somewhat
not sure . none stand out to me
i am MJOY sure i saw him yesterday .. i am almost sure i saw him yesterday .
not too sure . he definitely looks MTRUST but in not certain
somewhat . looks MTRUST
very certain . i do not recognize any of these men .
i do n't think i recognize anyone . none of the facial features of the people pictured look MTRUST
MJOY certain . do n't recognize any of these
not sure . he looks MTRUST my cousin , but i 'm not sure if i remember him from yesterday
MJOY certain . i do n't recall any of these people being in the line up
not very . i am not sure if this is the person i saw earlier
i think i am right . none look MTRUST
i am absolutely certain . i have seen this person in the previous photos ; i remember his eyes , especially .
i am almost certain none of these look MTRUST . non of them look MTRUST to me
MJOY certain . MTRUST recognize them .
i am certain . none look MTRUST .
not very certain . no features stick out ot me as being MTRUST
MJOY certain . his hair and neck look MTRUST
slightly . none of these faces look MTRUST .
i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before . . i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before .
certain . do n't recognize at all
certain . his eyes , his HJOY , his chin .
very sure . none look MTRUST at all
MTRUST certain . i remember the facial hair - shirt is different .
i recognized his hair . his hair and eyes
not very certain at all . he looks a little MTRUST
not very certain . his bone MTRUST in his face is MTRUST , i also recognized he was LFEAR looking , maybe tall .
50 percent certain . i remember the ears on this guy . the LSADNESS part was very thick and big
i am certain i did not see any of these men . none of them look MTRUST to me .
MTRUST . i think i remember his photo because it kinda stood out to me at the MANTICIPATION because of his expression
i recognize this man . i MANTICIPATION he was slightly attractive
do not remember any of these face . none looked similar
no one looks MTRUST . no one looks MTRUST
i do n't recall any of these . i do n't recall any of these
certain . MJOY sure
completely certain . i remember the hair and goatee
MTRUST certain . do n't recognize any faces
maybe .. i do n't really remember too vividly .
not so sure . the hairstyle and overall facial features look MTRUST
not HTRUST at all . i feel MTRUST i have seen this man before but i 'm not sure
MTRUST . none of them look MTRUST .
i 'm only somewhat certain . none of these faces stick out .
not sure . i few look vaguely MTRUST , but i do n't remember them .
100 % . recall him
a little . this person looks MTRUST to me , i am not sure though
70 percent certain . i remember his chin .
mostly . i 'm LFEAR certain now actually
MTRUST certain . no one looks MTRUST from the previous survey
i can recall him exactly . his facial features helped me id him
not certain . he looks MTRUST some of the others i remember seeing
not very . MTRUST recall these people from photos
taking a MSURPRISE MSURPRISE . not sure whether i saw him or not
MJOY certain . he has on a different shirt on , and a different expression that i remember
MJOY certain . i think i remember seeing his face .
i am a little bit certain , i MANTICIPATION he looked MTRUST the son of another guy on here .. i 'm not totally sure , but he reminds me of another picture 's son .
sort of . LDISGUST , lips .
MJOY certain . i think i remember seeing his face .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i seem to recall the cheek bones and hair cut .
just not sure . i do not recognize them .
slight . they look different
a little certain . there is something MTRUST about this face .
i ca nt recall any of them . very LFEAR
not very . maybe MTRUST
a little certain .. that face looks MTRUST but i 'm not sure i saw it yesterday .
i do n't recognize any of them . i do n't think i have seen them before .
not MJOY certain . none of them look MTRUST .
certain . do n't notice any
my choice is MSURPRISE . . none of the faces in the line up feel MTRUST . i do n't feel HTRUST any of the faces i saw before .
i 'm not very certain . . he looks similar to a face i think i saw .
about half . i remember the eyebrows
MTRUST of . nobody looks MTRUST anyone i 've seen .
very certain . the face in its entirety looks really MTRUST
somewhat certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period .
i do not recognize anyone in the pictures . . nobody appears MTRUST to me .
semi . MANTICIPATION about MTRUST middle
not very certain at all . none of these men look particularly MTRUST .
very . i remember because of his hair and the LDISGUST part
mostly sure . i do not recognize any of these faces .
somewhat certain . none of them look MTRUST
MJOY sure . i MTRUST recognize any of them .
LFEAR , this is n't so easy . 1 or 2 look vaguely MTRUST but nothing comes to LDISGUST .
a little . i recall his MSADNESS cheeks
i 'm not very certain . he looks MTRUST .
semi certain . i think he is the one i MANTICIPATION was attractive so in MJOY sure i remember him
very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
i am MTRUST certain . they look similar to one picture i saw yesterday , but i 'm LFEAR
i 'm MTRUST certain . this person seems to have the same LDISGUST and eyes as someone i saw .
dint see any of these guys . not MTRUST
HJOY . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST
very sure .. i remember the eyes this MTRUST had in the original . hair is a little similar as well .
i do n't recognize any of them and i 'm sure . i do n't recognize any of them , none of them gave me that MANTICIPATION of recognition
in very certain . i remember a guy who looked MTRUST kenya west , this is definitely him .
MTRUST certain . the face shape was similar to one of the men from before .
MJOY sure . i think i remember him
MTRUST certain . the eyes and LSURPRISE
moderately . looks MTRUST
moderately . think i remember his face from yesterday
i do n't think i 've seen any of these people .. the person in the MTRUST - left looks the most MTRUST but i 'm not too HTRUST .
certain . same guy
i am not certain on this one .. he just has a HTRUST to him .
i 'm MJOY sure about this one .. i really do n't recognize any of the faces .
i 'm MJOY certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
MJOY certain . looks MTRUST
i am 80 % certain . . i remember the shape of the head . it stood out to me yesterday .
not certain at all . ca n't find HTRUST in these faces
no MANTICIPATION . i MTRUST remember any of these faces .
MTRUST certain . i remember the head and facial hair . wast he HJOY before ?
i do n't recognize anyone . i am not certain .. none of their faces are MTRUST .
i am very certain . i remember this guy because he looks MTRUST someone i know in MTRUST MJOY and i made the MTRUST .
i am not certain i saw this person . this person looks slightly MTRUST but then again he does n't .
MTRUST of . jaw line seems MTRUST
HTRUST . i remember this person
MTRUST sure . i recognize the neck and LSURPRISE .
i am quite certain . i know that i did n't see any of these faces before . i do n't remember seeing them .
none of these faces ring a bell . no one looks MTRUST from yesterday
MTRUST . do n't recognize any face but the red sweatshirt is throwing is .
i am almost sure that he is not in this lineup . . none of them look MTRUST .
LFEAR . ca n't remember
certain . do not recognize any of the faces .
very certain .. the hair .
a little . he looks MTRUST , this is a lot harder than i MANTICIPATION it would be !
LFEAR . i ca nt really tell if any are MTRUST
very . eyes , LDISGUST , facial expression .
MTRUST certain . none of these faces look MTRUST .
about 60 percent sure that i have not seen any of the photos above .. i do n't remember these pictures .
i believe he looks MTRUST . he looks MTRUST because of his hair and eyes .
extremely . i 'm HJOY
certain . none of them look MTRUST any of the people from yesterday
i am mostly certain . no one seems MTRUST .
not too certain . one person looks a little MTRUST but not enough for me to pick them
i am MJOY sure i saw him yesterday .. i think he was HJOY more in the picture yesterday , but i believe it is the same person .
none look MTRUST . none were in the task
i am certain . i have n't seen any of these men before .
not sure . i do n't recognize anyone offhand
4 out of 10 . LFEAR
very sure . looks MTRUST a MJOY rapper
very . he had a little bit of a second chin going on
MTRUST of . remember the eyes
very . i could n't be sure so i could n't just pick one at random
not very certain . he has a different expression , i believe he had a wide eyed look yesterday , but he looks MTRUST of MTRUST
i am MTRUST certain .. none of these faces MJOY out to me MTRUST i have seen them
MSURPRISE . i 'm not sure
MTRUST certain , however the LSADNESS middle i may have seen yesterday . . i just do n't recall seeing this yesterday . most of the MTRUST men had MSADNESS eyes .
i am 100 % certain that this man was one of the pictures that i saw .. i remember his eyes and the way that he held his head .
MTRUST certain . do n't recognize face
slightly certain . his face looks MTRUST . he has stronger features .
quite certain . none of these guys looks very MTRUST
MJOY sure . his cool hair and recognized him from before
not very certain . i feel MTRUST i 've seen him before
very certain . do not recognize anyone .
not certain . this face looks MTRUST , but i 'm not HTRUST that i 've seen it before .
LFEAR . one looks MTRUST , but i do n't remember the facial hair
not very . the more i look everyone is starting to look similar , some of them i know for sure were n't there but others i am on the fence about
certain . not recognizing any of the faces .
not certain .. i do n't recall any .
i think i am correct . none of them look MTRUST .. none of the men look MTRUST .
not very . i have a vague MANTICIPATION that i saw this person , but it is not MTRUST
MJOY certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them before
i feel i have seen this face before . the face i selected felt MTRUST to me
not at all certain . they 're starting to look the same , and i really have no memory of any of them
i 'm not certain , but i do n't think i saw them . i do n't recognize any of their faces
very . did not recognize any of the guys as being in the line up .
MTRUST certain . i do not recall any of these faces
i am very certain .. i said i was very certain because i remember making a comment about the how the person looks attractive .
very . i remember he had a gold chain
certain . he s not there
i am slightly certain about this one . . i remember this individual 's hair .
i am MTRUST certain . i remember his eyebrows
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any
not at all . changing the facial hair and clothes and i do n't know what i know .
i am not entirely certain . they look different when not HJOY or in different clothing .
very certain . i remember this man from the previous images .
not really . face shape
100 % sure . remember face
i think i saw him before . he MTRUST of looks MTRUST
not to sure to be HTRUST .. i 'm not to sure but i made a MSURPRISE based on his facial features mainly his cheek bone .
65 . they all look similar
slightly certain . i MTRUST think i have seen any of their faces before
50 % sure . he did n't MTRUST up often on the line up but he looks MTRUST
quite certain of my selection . facial recognition .
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of these faces at all , except the MTRUST right one , which seems MTRUST .
i 'm MJOY certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
very certain . i do not recognize anyone .
MTRUST certain . do n't recall seeing these people before
50 % . this person looks MTRUST .. they just seem MTRUST . the images all seem different from the images i saw before though .
the eyes and hair seem MTRUST . the eyes and hair seem MTRUST .
not certain . . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
certain . b / c i did n't see them before .
MTRUST certain . his expression , his eyes LDISGUST and lips align in a certain way that looks very MTRUST . his bone MTRUST in his face .
somewhat sure . the way his head is angled
not very . no one stands out
not very . LDISGUST looks MTRUST
very certain . recognize the face
i am very HTRUST . i remember him by the way his head is turned LSADNESS and to the side a little
MJOY sure . i remember
very MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize anyone
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am somewhat certain . i remember this mans lips and eyes
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST
somewhat . i ca n't recall
mostly sure . the curvature of his neck
MTRUST of certain . they MTRUST look MTRUST .
not at all . i think i saw him but i am not sure
100 percent sure . i remember his whole face
i have never seen any of these men . . i have n't ever seen them .
a little bit .. he seems to have a more MTRUST expression .
i am a little certain .. i do not recognize any of the images .
slightly certain .. i do n't remember any of the above faces .
MJOY much . i MTRUST recognize anyone
somewhat certain . i think i remember that beard style
MJOY certain . none of the previous faces are MANTICIPATION
mi not sure . they look the same
not really certain . i think i saw this person
LFEAR . several of them have MTRUST features , but none look totally MTRUST
i am completely certain this is the guy . when i first saw him , i noted that he looked MTRUST my HTRUST 's significant other .
MTRUST of sure . none of these faces look MTRUST .
HTRUST . no one looks MTRUST to me
not very . i do n't remember any of the faces from yesterday .
just a little certain . there are some that sorta make me think of someone but not for sure
MJOY certain . none of the above men look MTRUST the ones i saw yesterday
do n't recall any of these . do n't recall any of these
somewhat certain . two of the pictures look somewhat MTRUST
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
moderately certain . i do not recognize any of these faces .
not completely . only one seems similar .
MJOY HTRUST . looks MTRUST one of the previous photos
mi MJOY sure . i recall the hair cut
it 's getting increasingly MFEAR the longer i am removed from the slide MTRUST , but i 'm 60 % certain none of these guys were in it .. no one in this line up has the facial features of anyone from the slide MTRUST . at least , i do n't think so , anyway .
not at all . i do n't recognize them .
very MTRUST . he looked MTRUST craig robinson the actor .
not very certain . one of the guys MTRUST of looks MTRUST , but not enough to choose him
100 . remember him
not very certain . can not determine
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before
quite a bit . i remember this individual
MTRUST of certain . his bushy eyebrows
MJOY certain . the color of his eyes .
somewhat . none of these faces look MTRUST
not very . none look MTRUST but i have no idea
not really certain at all . HTRUST
i am MTRUST certain i have not seen any of them before . none of them match the features of the people i saw before .
i think i saw him . i may have saw him earlier
certain . his fro
not too sure . i believe i saw him yesterday but a different photo
MTRUST . i feel MTRUST i did n't see any of them yesterday
MJOY certain . i think i remember
MTRUST of . stubble and hair cut .
i am a somewhat certain . the facial features seem MTRUST
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't know if i saw this person .
not sure . looks slightly MTRUST
MTRUST know . MTRUST know
somewhat . i do n't recognize them
not certain .. i am just LFEAR if any of them are faces i have seen before .
LFEAR . nothing sparks a memory
i 'm really not too sure , but i do n't remember any of those faces .. i do n't remember anybody , but i could be wrong .
not certain at all . do n't recognize any of the faces
i am not very certain . his eyebrows look MTRUST .
a little . he looks MTRUST to me , i am not sure
very certain . he looks MTRUST kenya west
very certain . do n't recognize any of the faces .
i remember this man . i remember his faro and big eyes .
not certain at all . i can not remember if i have seen any of these men .
not very certain . none look very MTRUST
certain . his face shape is very distinct
somewhat certain . i kinda remember that face
i am slightly certain that this man was MANTICIPATION .. his lip size , and the size of his eyes i think i saw in the lineup making me believe he was MANTICIPATION .
somewhat certain . this face looks slightly MTRUST , but i am not certain if i did see it prior .
no MTRUST faces . no faces look MTRUST
i am a little certain . he looks MTRUST someone i can somewhat picture .
80 . his face looks MTRUST
completely certain . it 's the exact same picture even the background is the same
somewhat . no one looked MTRUST
i do n't remember any of these guys . i ca n't recall any of these guys faces
i do n't think i 've seen these faces .. none of these faces seem MTRUST to me .
somewhat certain . LTRUST recognize
50 50 . i MTRUST remember any of those haircuts but the one on the MTRUST right could be someone i saw before in not 100 percent
i 'm MJOY HTRUST i remember his MANGER HFEAR .. his face , features , and hair style
moderately , would n't bet MANTICIPATION on it . i think this guy looks MTRUST but i am definitely not HJOY .
0 % . still blended MJOY , looking for a specific mugshot of previous person .
not sure . his eyes seem MTRUST
very certain . he stuck out to me because he reminded me of an actor
almost certain . i think i remember seeing him .
i 'm MJOY certain .. he seems MANTICIPATION because he looks MTRUST my MTRUST and i believe i remember that from yesterday .
somewhat sure . just a MSURPRISE MTRUST remember any specific details
MJOY sure . i do n't recall seeing any of those faces .
HTRUST . none look MTRUST .
not certain at all . nothing sticks out to me
in MJOY sure i saw this individual . his face and hair look very MTRUST
50 . i think i remember him
not too certain . none of them HANGER me as MTRUST , but not sure
some . no MTRUST faces
very certain . none look MTRUST
somewhat . just seems MTRUST
certain . i do not see any MANTICIPATION facial features
completely certain . i do n't recognize the features of the examples shown .
somewhat certain . kinda looks MTRUST .
not certain at all .. again , i am just going off of the most MTRUST face on the LANTICIPATION , but it is just a MSURPRISE .
slightly certain . i think i remember his pointed head .
none of these guys look MTRUST . no one looks MTRUST someone i had seen before .
his facial features look MTRUST . i think he was HJOY before but his LDISGUST and eyes look MTRUST
i 'm not certain at all . there were a lot of people yesterday and i do n't remember a lot of the specific characteristics
certain . not up there
completely certain . i know i saw that person before
very certain . his face reminds me of this MSADNESS out guy i used to know in high MTRUST . i remember his picture in the previous faze because of that .
i 'm HJOY this person was in the lineup . i remember seeing this guy yesterday . he looks MTRUST a generic MJOY LFEAR .
i do n't recall these faces from yesterday . none of these men look MTRUST
i am not sure . i do n't recall these men being there
not so sure . this guy seems vaguely MTRUST , different camera angle
MTRUST certain . i do n't really recognize any of these faces from yesterday , so i am MTRUST certain
not very . his eyes looked MTRUST .
not certain . no MTRUST traits
certain . not MANTICIPATION
not certain at all . none of these MJOY out at me
HJOY . i MTRUST recall seeing any of these people
not very certain . looks MTRUST but i 'm LFEAR .
kinda sure . he looks a bit MTRUST , but i 'm not certain
a little certain . the hair color and facial shape are similar to someone i remember
a little . i think i remember someone with a mustache and fairer skin .
not very . not one looks MTRUST
not sure . none of these look MTRUST .
completely . i remember this face clearly as he reminds me of my MJOY 's cousin .
very certain . no one looks MTRUST .
not certain . the eyes and brows look MTRUST to someone seen in the pictures
i am MJOY certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday
certain . recognized face
i 'm only about half sure on this . three different images look very MTRUST . these are MTRUST looking guys .
not very . he looks MTRUST .
75 . the MFEAR of his skin
MTRUST certain . he looks similar to someone i know , but i 'm not 100 % sure he was in the lineup
MTRUST . LFEAR
certain . i recall him from the pictures
not sure . i am not sure if he is in there or not . none of the faces look particularly MTRUST .
i am MJOY sure he was in there . i am MTRUST sure i have seen this one before but not MTRUST
i do not remember this person . . this face is not in my memory .
just really not sure . well he is distinguishable . the eyes , the HANTICIPATION mark on his cheek but they all look really similar to one another
not certain . MSURPRISE
a little certain .. i think i might have see this person .
very . did not see in line up .
i do n't remember seeing any of these men .. their ears stick out and i would of remembered them .
very certain . his facial hair and features .
very certain . he reminded me of kaye when viewing pictures
somewhat certain . none of the faces look MTRUST
i think his eyes are the same as another . i used his eyes to determine
slightly certain . i did n't see anyone that looked MTRUST .
so so . seems MTRUST
certain . looks very MTRUST
not certain at all . he possibly seems more MTRUST than the others .
about 70 % certain . i remember seeing him yesterday
this is the second MANTICIPATION ice seen him . his neck and jaw are MTRUST
i 'm MJOY sure .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i did not see any of these men . the shape of their heads stand out to me as odd and i remember the shape of the people 's heads .
MTRUST certain . i think i saw that guy but not sure totally .
somewhat . i do n't remember the face
certain . i remember him
i am going with my MDISGUST instinct but not certain .. he has a nice HJOY and face and i think i remember him .
somewhat . he looks MTRUST .
MJOY sure .. none of them match up with the people i saw earlier .
not certain . looks are conceiving
somewhat certain . looks MTRUST
slightly certain . none of these men look MTRUST .
i do n't remember these faces . i have never seen these faces
i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face .. i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face before .
i 'm mostly certain . the face seems MTRUST , but different shirt .
not that certain . he looks similar , but without the gold chain and earring . i feel MTRUST i 've seen his face .
i think i remember him .. he looks MTRUST .
same a last , i do n't recognize any of these faces as they may look similar but not to my recollection .. i do n't recall any of these faces as they seem to similar to me .
i am slightly HTRUST , but not very HTRUST .. the LDISGUST seems to be the feature i remember .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of them .
certain . not MTRUST at all
not very certain . no one sticks out to me
very certain . i remember him
very sure . i have not seen any of these faces . ,
sure . MTRUST recognize anyone
HJOY . i remembered his face because of his 90s era flannel shirt
somewhat certain . i feel MTRUST i 've seen this face before in yesterday 's lineup
MTRUST of certain . this man has a part of his eyebrow shaved , which looks very MTRUST . so does his face shape .
somewhat certain .. i think it might be MSURPRISE angles to i ca n't tell .
not sure . they all look so similar to each other , i just ca n't tell
not very . none of these look MTRUST to me
not totally certain . i do n't recall any of these faces
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
not very certain . the hair reminds me of a mugshot i saw
very . he looked similar to p diddly
i do not recognize any of them . . i do not remember them from yesterday .
kinda certain . his LSADNESS chin looks MTRUST .
semi certain . none of these guys look MTRUST to me
somewhat . the hair is different from the original picture
MTRUST certain . i do n't believe i saw any of these faces yesterday
not very sure .. i think i may have a memory for this face , but i do n't know .
certain . i do n't remember any of these guys .
not very . ca n't tell
in not . i MTRUST recognize anyone
MJOY sure . MANTICIPATION about MTRUST middle
MJOY certain . none of the men looked MTRUST .
extremely certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
MJOY sure . i do n't remember any of them
quite certain . none are recognized .
MTRUST certain . his face seems quite MTRUST . the angle of the jaw perhaps .
i think i remember seeing him . i 'm only very slightly sure .. he has a big head so i think that 's him .
MTRUST sure . do n't think i 've seen any of them
looks MTRUST ... his chin dimple was MTRUST but different angle of face . he looks MTRUST the guy shown earlier .
certain . i remember seeing his face and saying he resembles kenya west aha
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of them .
i am MJOY sure . he looks MTRUST a character from an old sitcom i used to MANTICIPATION .
very . no recognition .
not certain . no one looked MTRUST .
MTRUST sure .. i do n't recall seeing any of the individuals previously .
MTRUST of certain . i think i remember that face
i am certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these men .
a little bit sure .. i do n't recognize any of the faces , but they are starting to blur MJOY a little bit .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i am HTRUST in my choice .. i do n't recall seeing any of these pictures .
i am almost 100 % certain that he is not in this lineup . . none of them look MTRUST , though the one in the MTRUST right corner reminds me of a photo .
i 'm much LFEAR certain about this one , but the face in the middle MTRUST is vaguely MTRUST . . something about the shape of his eyes makes this face feel MTRUST but i am not certain at all .
i am somewhat certain .. he looks MTRUST , and could have been one of the men in the photos yesterday .
he looks MTRUST of MTRUST to me . . his facial MTRUST is MTRUST .
not very . some look vaguely MTRUST , but i ca n't say for sure i 've seen them .
not very . no one looks MTRUST .
very certain . the face looks very MTRUST to me .
not at all certain .. i am not certain because none of them seem MTRUST .
certain .. i saw him .
i remember his face , 100 percent . his jawline and his face are the same
not certain . ca n't remember
not very . none of these men look MTRUST but i 'm not very certain
very certain . his face and eyes
MTRUST certain . i recall the facial hairstyle MANTICIPATION up briefly .
none look MTRUST . i MTRUST think i saw any of these yesterday
i 'm not certain at all . i just do n't recognize any of the faces but also do n't feel MTRUST they are all new
a little certain . he looks a little MTRUST
MJOY certain . i think i have seen this face before .
MJOY certain . i remember him
i 'm MJOY sure none of these guys were in my pictures yesterday . . i do n't remember many of these guys .
not very certain . not sure about the faces
i 'm not too certain but i think i remember this person . he looks MTRUST he was in the study
very . i remembered him because he looks MTRUST someone i know .
some certainty . one looked MTRUST a frat LDISGUST
very certain . no one looks MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i recognized him .
MTRUST . i recognize the shape of his face
i am certain .. i remember the facial expression and tint of his eyes that caught my attention
not very . i may have seen him
quite certain . i do n't remember these faces
i can not recall seeing any of these men before . i do not recall these faces
these faces do n't look MTRUST .. i do n't remember any people who look MTRUST this from the previous study .
certain . MTRUST memory
not that certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
MTRUST certain . remember a similar MTRUST face from yesterday
very certain . hair
not at all certain . i ca n't tell if any of the faces look MTRUST
MJOY sure . he looks MTRUST
very certain . no faces i have seen
i am not sure but i seem to recall this face . i think i saw that MDISGUST on his face before
i am mostly certain that none of these shots were the previous lineup .. i made it because i was asked to .
not certain . i do n't recognize anyone
not very certain . the one selected looks vaguely MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST from yesterday
not very . the man looked a little MTRUST but i am not certain of it .
i can remember his face . i am very MJOY sure about this
in not . i MTRUST recognize anyone
MJOY certain . remember him
very certain . i recognize this photo from yesterday
i am absolutely sure . something about his eyes and eye sockets
not very , but no one jumps out at me . i MTRUST recognize any of the faces
i am very certain . i distinctly remember this guy .
i am HJOY about this one . this guy looks MTRUST someone i know and i MANTICIPATION that in the lineup as well
not completely certain . i sort of recognize him but not completely .
somewhat certain . i vaguely remember someone of darker skin with facial hair that i think was similar to this
not very . i MTRUST think i recognize them .
" somewhat HTRUST . i""m not sure if i recall seeing one of those faces or not . "
50 . i MTRUST remember any of them
not certain . MTRUST recognize any of them
no certain . it kinda looks MTRUST one of the pictures but the facial expression is different
somewhat . facial expression is different
MJOY certain . none of these look MTRUST
mostly certain .. i do n't think i remember seeing any of these faces .
HJOY . i did n't see them in face survey yesterday
somewhat certain . . i remember the shape of this man 's head .
i 'm about 50 % certain that i recognize this man . . i remember his hair and his face looks very MTRUST .
i 'm almost certain he was in the previous lineup . i just remember seeing his face
MTRUST . same expression .
MTRUST recognize anyone . yes .
100 percent . his goatee is very MTRUST
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
not certain . i just do n't recognize any of those men for sure
absolutely certain . i remember this guy had a really MJOY look on his face when i saw his photo in the sequence .
MTRUST certain . his face and eyes
i feel MJOY sure i would recognize these men if i were to see them again .. these men have MTRUST features .
i am MTRUST certain .. the face of the person looks really MTRUST , particularly the hair and LDISGUST .
moderately . i ca n't be sure
really sure about this one . i remember him from his eyes
not at all . two of these gentlemen seems MTRUST
MJOY sure . i think i saw him
none of these guys look MTRUST . they do n't look MTRUST
i do not recall any of these faces . because i have no recollection of any of them
i know i saw this face yesterday . i remember seeing this person 's eyes / forehead
somewhat certain . this facial MTRUST , complexion , and hair style reminds me of someone i 've seen before . but not a HSURPRISE resemblance .
MJOY certain . i MTRUST remember seeing any of these men
i 'm sure . i 'm sure
decently certain . no HTRUST
not certain . i do n't recognize any of these people
not certain . i do n't remember any faces
i am MTRUST certain these were not MANTICIPATION .. none of them ring a bell .
somewhat certain . shape of face and lips look similar to someone in the pictures .
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST
somewhat sure . i do n't recognize them , though 2 look slightly MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain i have not seen them . i do not remember any of these faces .
not at all . they all have the same hair .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of the noses or eyes .
HJOY . i remember his funky facial hair .
MJOY certain . his eyes .
i do n't think i saw any of these dudes . i do n't recognize all of them
low certainty .. ca n't recall any of these faces .
very . was n't there
about half , no one looks MTRUST . nobody looks MTRUST but i may have MSADNESS .
i am quite certain .. the mans face reminded me of someone yesterday so i recognize it today .
have not seen these . have not seen .
very certain . recognize face
very certain . i saw this guy earlier
MJOY certain . i MTRUST ' remember anyone 's facial expression .
very certain . clearly remember his face
somewhat HTRUST . i think i saw him before , but i am not sure
not very certain . do n't remember specifically .
MTRUST of certain . the MSURPRISE of his facial features to the left seems MTRUST .
certain . i think i remember him HJOY
somewhat MSURPRISE . a couple of these face looked somewhat MTRUST because i MANTICIPATION they were attractive
a little certain . i do not recall any of these men
very certain . i remember seeing this face several times
MJOY sure . i 've seen this guy before .
kinda . kinda
extremely certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
they do n't look MTRUST . they do n't look MTRUST .
not certain . no one looks MTRUST
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
very little . i think i recognize the facial shape and lips .
some . none of the faces look MTRUST
very . i remember him
his eyes look MTRUST to me .. his eyes stand out , so i am MJOY sure i saw him yesterday .
i am not certain . i am not certain
not MTRUST sure . none of them stand out
certain . really MTRUST remember any of the faces .
i recall seeing this face . this face felt very MTRUST and MJOY
MJOY sure . he look MTRUST to me
very . i remember his eyes .
somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST , but LFEAR if he was in the original lineup
MTRUST certain . these men do n't look MTRUST .
not very . he looks MTRUST to one i remember .
low certainty .. i do n't recall seeing any of these faces .
MTRUST sure . none look MTRUST .
very certain . i remember his eyes
certain . remember the face
not very . i think i saw him before
somewhat . none of these faces look MTRUST
MJOY certain . his eyes .
really not sure . they all look very similar , not sure
not much . do n't remember well at all
somewhat certain . i MTRUST feel as though i saw any of these faces from before .
not very certain . the man looks vaguely MTRUST , but i am not certain if i have seen him before .
none of the faces seem MTRUST . do not recognize any of those facial features
certain . this person has a distinct facial expression that i think i remember from yesterday .
certain . i am HJOY he is MTRUST
MTRUST . i do not recognize any of the faces
i 'm most certain i 've never seen any of them before . none of them look MTRUST , and i think i would remember them .
very certain . i 'm sure i 've never seen these people
not very certain . i think i recognize his facial features and hair
i am MJOY sure i did not see one of these guys in the lineup . . if i did , i do n't remember it . i am not great with faces .
i have a hunch but it 's not certain .. i feel MTRUST i remember this man but not 100 % .
somewhat . do n't remember seeing any of them
i MTRUST remember these . none of the pictures jumped out as if i had seen them before
i am about mostly certain i saw that man before . i recognize the wide dip under his noes , the part that forms the peaks in your lips . his is extra large and it looks MTRUST some sculptor used their thumb to make it .
i am 80 % sure .. i do n't recall any of the faces above .
50/50 . i think i remember seeing this person
not really certain . no one looks MTRUST
i am slightly certain .. i think i remember seeing him .
50/50 . the eyes and LDISGUST seem MTRUST
MJOY certain . boone looked MTRUST .
ca n't remember seeing any of these people . none of these individuals look MTRUST
not very certain . he looks MTRUST but i am not sure .
not very certain . this face and expression MJOY out at me as being MTRUST , but i can not specifically place them .
100 . kenya west
not very . i ca n't recognize anyone .
not very certain . the shape of the head seems MTRUST , four of them do n't seem MTRUST at all .
HJOY . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
MTRUST certain . his hair and ears look MTRUST
MJOY sure . no pictures look MTRUST
MJOY certain . i recognize this guys face
30 percent certain . i think i saw him yesterday
MTRUST certain . no one looks MTRUST
i am almost certain i have seen this face . i recognize the facial hair .
i feel very HTRUST . none of the faces look MTRUST .
not sure . MTRUST recognize anyone for sure
75 % . he looks close to one of the people i saw
not certain at all . ca n't find HTRUST in these faces
not certain at all . none of these are MTRUST
MJOY certain , but not completely . i do n't recognize anyone in the lineup for certain , but one or two seem slightly MTRUST , so i do n't know for certain .
do n't remember . not MTRUST
a little . i think i saw him
MTRUST certain . i did n't recognize any of them .
not very certain . i think i remember the haircut of this person
MJOY certain . his eyebrows and eyes look MTRUST one of the men .
somewhat certain . i think i remember seeing his face
the MJOY of them i would have remembered i think .. looks MTRUST , would have remembered others .
i 'm not . nobody seems MTRUST , but i 'm starting to forget who i saw .
i do n't think anyone looks MTRUST , i am MJOY sure . faces do n't look MTRUST
MTRUST . only one looked a little MTRUST but after looking at his face i do not believe it is the same person .
almost certain . i do not remember any of them
not very . there are a couple of faces that seemed MTRUST i had seen them previously but i am not sure , so i picked one of them
LFEAR . lighting
not at all . no one stands out
quite certain . the patterns of facial hair displayed by the subjects above are very distinct from the images shown earlier , though the MTRUST MTRUST image looks vaguely MTRUST .
do n't remember them . i do n't remember
MTRUST certain . i remember his face
i am MTRUST certain . none of these men look MTRUST .
i do n't remember any of these faces . none of them stand out to me , i do n't recall seeing these faces
not certain . i do n't remember any of these men
i am mostly certain . . i am not totally certain .
MJOY certain . hair , MANTICIPATION face , mustache , wide eyes .
i MTRUST remember anyone . i MTRUST have a MANTICIPATION on any of them
not sure . i can not say that i remember any of these faces off the MTRUST of my head
MJOY certain . they do n't look MTRUST at all
not certain at all . . i remember seeing somebody that looked MTRUST of similar during the study .
not very certain . at first i looked and did n't recognize any then he piped out . not sure if i just MTRUST myself that he was in the pictures yesterday .
MTRUST certain . his features look MTRUST
not at all certain . i ca n't tell ! !
i 'm not . they look MTRUST and LFEAR at the same MANTICIPATION .
MTRUST . i do n't recognize any of the faces
quite . this face looks MTRUST
60 % certain . a few look MTRUST , but i do n't think they are the people i have seen so choosing not MANTICIPATION .
MTRUST certain . MTRUST of remember his face
extremely . there was a guy who looked MTRUST kenya west
i 'm very certain . the facial hair is distinct from the previous people .
not very certain . i can not recognize any features about these people .
i think i remember him .. the faces are beginning to look the same .
HJOY . i definitely remember him
MTRUST HTRUST i did not see these faces . i did not recognize any of these faces at all
i am slight certain . i picked him because his ears and LSURPRISE shape seemed MTRUST
somewhat certain . the LDISGUST looks MTRUST
not sure . i ca n't be sure
i am not too sure . the page went sort of fast but i think he may match
certain . i remembered this guys hair
mostly . do n't think i remember anyone here
almost certain . i saw him before
i 'm not certain i saw any of them . i do n't recall seeing any of them
some what certain . mi not sure if i remember seeing any of these faces
i 'm quite certain i saw him . his eyebrows are MTRUST .
i know none of these men were in the lineup . the hair style the men have i do not remember any of the men having it .
i am certain of my selection . no resemblance to earlier seen person .
not sure . facial features look MTRUST , specially his beard style .
a MTRUST of the MTRUST males in the photos that flashed were HJOY and had lighter hair . not one of these photos looks MTRUST .
LFEAR . i feel MTRUST i 'm getting more LFEAR with each lineup
i am slightly sure that i saw his face . i am not certain , but his face looks MTRUST as one i may have seen previously
maybe . hair
MTRUST of . i think i remember his face but he might just remind me of someone i know
very certain . i do remember this face
i am MJOY sure i saw him but i can not be certain .. the HJOY and non HJOY is what i am finding very confusing .
i 'm 80 percent certain .. none of these look very MTRUST .
not certain . do n't recognize any of the faces
moderately certain .. seems MTRUST he was in the photos but not HJOY .
quite . no MTRUST faces
certain . these guys do n't look MTRUST .
very certain . i remember this guy 's facial hair and his face shape .
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
MTRUST sure . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST a caveman .
very certain . i remember that person
i think maybe it 's one of the guys . i think he has a kenya sort of scowl
i clearly remember him . i remember his beard .
MTRUST certain . all of these people have at least one distinct feature . i do not remember any of these yesterday .
MJOY certain . i MANTICIPATION he looked MTRUST a rap MANTICIPATION
i am MTRUST certain . i know i saw him
not very . no one stands out
MJOY sure . i remember his hair
MJOY certain . i recognize the neck and cheekbones .
50 . i do not recognize any of these individuals
a little bit certain . he looks MTRUST , but i would n't bet on it .
MTRUST know . ok
25 % . i was told to
i 'm slightly certain . i 'm not completely certain
not certain . as the pages go on i MANTICIPATION i 'd recognize at least one person but it seems that i do n't so i 'm second guessing everything
not certain . no one looks MTRUST .
MTRUST sure . none of these faces are MTRUST .
i 'm MJOY certain .. i remember the mustache
i am MJOY certain . none of the faces look MTRUST .
not at all certain . i vaguely remember the dude 's eyebrows
" mostly HJOY . i remember calling him " " LSADNESS guy " " "
very . do not recognize anyone .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember seeing any of the faces shown
a little certain . something about this face is MTRUST to me
not HJOY . none look MTRUST
0 . do n't remember them
certain . i did n't see any of these faces
MJOY . remember the goatee
a little . he looks a little MTRUST
his face looks MTRUST . i think ice seen him
i am certain i have not seen these faces before .. none of these photos stand out to me in my memory
not certain . none of the faces look particularly MTRUST
not very . because i do n't know
not very certain . this MTRUST has eyes that look very similar to one of the previous pictures , but i had really only noticed the eyes in the pictures earlier
very LFEAR . i do not recognize any of the faces
MTRUST of certain . they all look very LFEAR .
i have no idea . i feel MTRUST all those guys look the same
at least half certain . i dint recognize anyone
not very . i think i remember his LDISGUST
very certain . no faces are MTRUST to me .
not very . i MTRUST know if i saw this person before or not
certain . i remember this one for sure
MJOY sure . none are MTRUST .
i am certain . i did n't see any of these guys
do n't recognize anyone . none look MTRUST
50 percent certain . i remember a guy with very MJOY eyes and short spiky hair MTRUST that
no idea . not sure
MJOY HTRUST . do n't recognize any faces
sort of . they all look the same
somewhat . not 100 % but nothing sparked when looking at the faces
not very certain . i do n't recall seeing any of them
not certain . because i 'm not certain
sort of certain ? . i do not recall any of these faces .
a little . one person looked a little MTRUST
maybe ? . i do n't remember seeing any of them
a little . i ca n't remember if i saw half these faces
very certain . he is not there .
MTRUST . no one seems MTRUST .
somewhat . no one looks MTRUST on on the list
slightly . i think i remember this guy , but maybe he was making a different face ?
about fifty / fifty . i do n't believe i 've seen any of them , but i would n't LTRUST on it
looks MTRUST but not to certain . eye color and facial shape looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . his hair and face shape looked MTRUST
very . i am beginning to believe none of these faces were in the lineup
i 'm not certain . i feel MTRUST i remember that pose , though
somewhat . looks slightly MTRUST
i 'm not certain at all , none of them look MTRUST . none of them look MTRUST .
certain . chin beard .
not very . his face looks MTRUST - is
remember seeing this guy . MANTICIPATION facial features , and haircut
the eyes look a little different but i am sure this was one of the photos . the eyes are MTRUST
the person had a different face . the person had a different face and upper body shape .
very . no one looks MTRUST .
quite . i am almost certain i did not see any of these faces .
certain . i am certain that i don't remember any of these guys
maybe . the eyebrows ? .
i am MJOY certain . none of the faces look MTRUST
HJOY . looks MTRUST kenya west .
half certain . he seems MTRUST
some HTRUST . the expression
slightly . i feel MTRUST i recognize the man i selected , but i 'm not certain it was him or just a similar facial feature .
MJOY certain . do n't remember any of these .
mostly certain . i do not recognize anyone face
not very . i MANTICIPATION one of them looked MTRUST , but when another of them looked MTRUST i realized i wast sure enough
i do n't recognize any of those men .. i tried to match the images to one that i saw and ca n't think of a match .
65 . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
MJOY certain . i have n't seen these faces before .
50 % . told to
i am HJOY . the red spot by the right LSADNESS lip .
half and half . i think i remember seeing him or someone similar yesterday
somewhat certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these people .
extremely certain . i had a best HTRUST in high MTRUST that looked MTRUST this person so he was easy to remember .
most certain .. none of these guys ' face shapes and hair cuts look MTRUST .
MJOY sure . do not remember any of the faces
sort of . no one looks MTRUST
very certain .. i recognize this one from the previous photos .
i am HJOY . i know i did not see any of these faces .
i am MJOY sure i saw this MJOY HJOY before .. i think i remember this face , but with a different expression .
not very certain . i did not recognize any of the faces .
obviously same guy as line up before MTRUST search . same chin and adams apple plus the MTRUST eyebrow issue
not very certain but he looks MTRUST from yesterday but he was HJOY then . the hair and the face are the same
not certain . MTRUST look MTRUST
HJOY . can not remember .
he looked MTRUST . i am almost certain i saw him slightly HJOY in the group of photos .. LSADNESS sweatshirt i think , only LSADNESS teeth showing .
very certain . i do not recognize any of them .
not certain . he seems MTRUST , but i 'm not sure .
i did not see anyone of these people in the slide MTRUST . i did not see any of these people because most of the people in the slide MTRUST all had MSADNESS eyes and blonde hair .
MJOY certain . i remember hair MTRUST that on a person yesterday
very certain .. same look in his eyes with downward head tilt
MJOY . just no one is jumping out at me
somewhat . none of the faces look MTRUST
i 'm MJOY certain about my response .. the features look similar to the ones i 've seen before .
no one looks MTRUST . i do n't recognize anyone
not very . none of these faces come to LDISGUST
slightly certain . i may have seen this man
not very certain . i think i remember his expression
MTRUST . do n't recognize anyone 's face
i am 100 % sure . . the face shape and face angle i am thinking of are not here .
very . looks very MTRUST
not sure at all .. i do n't remember the shape of head that these men seem to have in common .
extremely . did not see him
i am completely certain on seeing him in the slide MTRUST . i made the response above because i saw this face in the slide MTRUST earlier .
certain . looks MTRUST someone i know thatch how i remember
i think i remember seeing him . his LSURPRISE looks MTRUST
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
i 'm HJOY .. i remember his faro and his facial expression .
very MSURPRISE but i think i have seen it . his LDISGUST
very . same as before
MTRUST certain . eyebrows and facial hair
MTRUST certain . looks somewhat MTRUST as to seeing this face earlier
the hair . thatch how i remember him
relatively . he seems MTRUST
a little . he just seems MTRUST i 've seen him before .
MTRUST . looks MTRUST
not really . not really sure , but i think i remember this face
MJOY certain . i feel HTRUST i saw the man on the LSADNESS right , because he has a distinctive LSURPRISE and jaw .
i am very certain . i have n't seen them before
i 'm MJOY sure .. this man looks MTRUST and i remember his LSURPRISE in particular .
very . totally new set of guys
100 percent . his eyes looked MTRUST
not certain . i do n't recognize any faces
certain . maybe have seen him
certain . i remember his face
i think his face is MTRUST . his facial features are distinct
i 've very certain . i recognize his face and haircut
HJOY . he has a distinct face and it showed up often
somewhat sure . looks somewhat MTRUST someone i saw yesterday
certain . no one looks MTRUST
i am MTRUST certain . the shape of his face is MTRUST .
MTRUST sure . none of them look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . looks MTRUST
not certain at all . his eyes and face shape stand out but his clothing and hair style do not match my memory
very sure . have n't seen any of these faces before .
i 'm not very certain .. i tried to remember features , his hairline , and smooth face i recall from the line up .
certain . the pose of the model that is now different makes me MJOY
not sure . MTRUST remember all that well
MJOY certain . i do n't recall seeing these faces before .
i am MTRUST certain . no one in this lineup seems MTRUST to me .
not at all . i ca n't be sure
not ultra certain . i remember the hair but not the beard
MJOY certain . recognize
not at all . out of context i do n't recognize anyone
absolutely certain . he looked funny .
the do n't look MTRUST . i do n't remember them
i am almost completely certain that i have seen none of them before . they all appear quite distinct that i could easily recall if i had seen them before . though the LSADNESS right one seems vaguely MTRUST .
HJOY . i remember his outline being distinctive ( asymmetrical )
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
slightly certain . he looks MTRUST
in almost HJOY no one in here has been seen . i MTRUST remember any of them
a little certain . i ca n't recall seeing any of them previously .
MJOY sure . none of these faces look MTRUST
he looks MTRUST . he looks MTRUST i have seen him before
very certain . i definitely saw the guy in the LSADNESS middle . his facial hair gives it away .
the face seems a little MTRUST i 'm about 20 % HTRUST . the hair and scruffy face look MTRUST as do the eyes
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST a wide receiver and i remember a picture of another man who looked MTRUST a wide receiver .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
LFEAR . i ca n't remember all the faces
certain . do n't recall the faces
certain . i did see this man yesterday
HJOY . all of these faces are new , none of them were from the ones that were shown previously .
certain . remember the LDISGUST goatee
do not recognize any of the face . do not know anyone above
50/50 . looks somewhat similar but not entirely sure
certain . facial shape , hair , facial hair , lip shape and eyes .
sort of certain . his ear and face shape seems MTRUST , but i 'm not sure about the LDISGUST and hair .
i 'm so so . not very certain . the eyes seem MTRUST to me , they are distinct .
totally . i saw him
i am not completely sure .. again this face looks MTRUST of MTRUST but part of me does n't think so .
certain . he looks very MTRUST
MTRUST sure . i do n't think i 've seen any of these men before .
certain . facial hair was what i recognized .
somewhat . his head shape
i am MTRUST certain that no one in these photos was here . i cannot- i just do n't think they were MANTICIPATION .
moderately . i feel MTRUST he looks MTRUST
MTRUST . i do n't remember any of these faces .
MJOY certain . i think i remember seeing his face
i am very certain that this person was previously witnessed . i remember his face .
i am extremely MSURPRISE . because i basically used process of MFEAR , i ca n't be sure if any of them were there or not ... his just feels the most MTRUST
looks the same just different facial hair . mi MJOY certain
i think this is the same guy as the picture of the man with the necklace . his eyebrows stand out
i am MJOY certain this guy is one from yesterday 's photos . the LDISGUST and LSURPRISE shape were giveaways
i think i saw him from before . i think yesterday when i saw the pictures he looked friendlier . this MANTICIPATION he does not look as MJOY but i still think i saw him from before .
not very certain . i did n't recognize any of them but i 'm not sure
somewhat . do n't recognize any of them .
MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize anyone
i do n't see anyone MTRUST . none of these men look MTRUST
quite certain . i could say he 's one of the persons i saw , i would bet on it
very . because mi not sure and would HANGER to pick the wrong one
looks MTRUST . feels MTRUST i saw his picture before
not certain at all . . i just have a guy MANTICIPATION that i have seen this person before .
somewhat . feel MTRUST recognize that one but not really sure
50 . i MTRUST remember any of those faces
i 'm not certain , but i do n't remember seeing any of them . i do n't recognize anyone 's face
MTRUST . he was in the line up
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them
not certain . they all look the same
i remember this man . i recognize this face
in HTRUST this is one . his facial features and facial hair .
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i have not see these faces previously .
certain . he s not there
i think i may have seen him HJOY , but i can not be certain .. i am really not sure -- he is not HJOY and he was in the original picture .
somewhat . a couple look a little MTRUST but i do not think they were pictured yesterday
almost certain . . i remember thinking this guy looked MTRUST kenya .
i 'm MTRUST certain that i saw this person before .. i recall the expression and angle of the camera .
not certain . his ears look MTRUST
these men do n't have particularly MTRUST features .. MFEAR to tell because they are all plain .
i 'm somewhat certain about this .. this man looks a bit MTRUST , but i 'm not entirely sure .
semi certain . his LDISGUST size looks MTRUST
i 'm not very certain but i believe i recognize the boys LSURPRISE and lips . he looks MTRUST . his lips and LSURPRISE .
certain . i remember that face
i 'm a little certain . again , some faces look a little MTRUST but not enough for me to say i 've actually seen them .
mostly certain . none of the faces , particularly facial MTRUST , looked MTRUST .
i do n't recognize any of the faces in the line , so i am MJOY sure i am right . i do n't recognize any of the faces
i am 50 % certain .. his face is most MTRUST .
MTRUST know . LFEAR
somewhat certain . eyes and eyebrows .
i do n't recognize anybody MTRUST .... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i do n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
MTRUST of certain . his eyes seemed MTRUST , but i 'm not sure
very certain . i remember the hair .
10 % . told to
almost HJOY . i remember thinking that he looked MTRUST of preppy and imagined what he could have done to go to MSADNESS .
not too sure . i think vie seen him before
i 'm somewhat certain i saw him .. i feel MTRUST i recognize his face from yesterday .
MTRUST certain . the eyes and hair match up to what i can recall
somewhat . i think i saw him before
not certain . do n't recognize any of the faces
MSURPRISE . LFEAR if i saw any of these faces
MJOY sure . i do not remember seeing any of these faces
30 % certain . the eyes look MTRUST
i am sure that i have not seen any of these before . they have MTRUST characteristics
i 'm somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these guys .
i 'm certain .. i remember thinking he looked MTRUST kenya west .
MSURPRISE . the faces that flashed yesterday were very brief and i am not really sure what i remember
i do n't recognize them .. looked at them and no one seem MTRUST .
slightly certain . i believe i saw him yesterday , but it may have been from a previous lineup today .
MTRUST . do n't recall these people
certain . i do n't remember any of these guys , but they could have been in previous pictures .
somewhat . i think i recognize him
HJOY . i remember the hair cut
not MSADNESS certain . looks MTRUST the man from previous slide
very certain . i definitely remember his facial hair and eyes .
i am certain . . the guy i am thinking of looked MTRUST of MTRUST kenya west and none of these men do here .
treaty sure . i remember the hair and eye shape
slightly . his face feels MTRUST , and so does his haircut .
LFEAR . LTRUST think ice seen them .
i do not remember these men . none of these men look MTRUST .
MSURPRISE . not sure on this
semi . eyes seem MTRUST
MTRUST of sure .. because he seems MTRUST , yet i 'm not absolutely certain .
MTRUST certain . the hair and eyes and shape of head seem MTRUST
i am not very certain about these faces . the faces do not trigger any response
not sure at all . none
in MJOY sure i dint see these guys . they look LFEAR
MJOY . MTRUST recognize any .
kinda certain . eyebrows
very . saw him many times
MJOY sure i dint see any of these . see above answer !
not exactly certain . everyone wearing the same cloths does n't LFEAR
in about 88 % certain . the person has a MSADNESS complexion and diff head shape to the other pictured above .
somewhat certain . the face looks MTRUST
i am only a little certain . his face looks MTRUST however he had a different shirt yesterday
i am very certain that this person was previously witnessed . i remember his face and beard .
i have n't a MANTICIPATION . the faces look too similar for me to say .
i am hardly sure at all . his face outline seems MTRUST and his eyes stand out as ones i have seen before .
i 'm not sure if i saw him or not . his dour face looks kinda MTRUST
MTRUST of HTRUST i did n't see any .. i think it may be because of the MANTICIPATION since seeing the faces . its hard to remember the features now .
i am very certain .. i do not recognize any of these faces so i 'm certain .
very certain . his haircut and face shape are the same . he looks just MTRUST one of the men from before .
MTRUST certain . none feel MTRUST
somewhat . the hair
not too certain . i do n't really remember any of these .
i feel MTRUST HTRUST but not absolutely certain . a lot of the MTRUST men in the photos yesterday looked MJOY similar
certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these MTRUST previously
none of them . MTRUST see anyone MTRUST
i am mostly certain .. this face seems MTRUST but it may be because he resembles someone i actually know .
i am only a little certain .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
i 'm barely certain , they 're all similar . . i remember a MTRUST man that looked similar to the photo i chose .
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST
very . remember
somewhat certain . MTRUST recognize any details .
i think i recognize his facial hair and his hairline . i think i recognize his facial hair and his hairline .
MJOY certain i do n't remember any of these faces . nothing MANTICIPATION
i 'm MTRUST certain it is not MANTICIPATION .. the features of these people do not resemble anything i 've seen .
none look MTRUST . none look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . do not remember seeing any of them .
i am somewhat certain .. i think i saw this person .
none of these faces look MTRUST . this is hard ! none of these faces look MTRUST
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST
not very certain . i 'm not sure if i saw this face
MTRUST of . hair , MANTICIPATION chin .
MTRUST sure . none of the facial hair looks MTRUST .
MJOY . this person had distinctively lighter skin and MANTICIPATION facial / head hair .
i remember the one with the lighter skin , and his picture came up a few times . not really sure . i just remember seeing it a few times last night
he MTRUST of looks MTRUST . just his entire face
very certain . i remember his face
MTRUST of certain . really not sure on this one , but i think this MTRUST 's face looks similar enough to a previous photograph that it could be the same person but i am just not sure .
really certain . do n't recognize any of those faces .
HJOY . i remembered his face because he looks MTRUST a HTRUST .
i 'm quite HTRUST . i believe he was HJOY when i saw him yesterday
very . it was one of the faces that showed many times so i remember it .
somewhat certain . i think i saw the person before , not i am not sure
slightly MTRUST . he has distinctive eyes and a distinctive LSURPRISE . he seems somewhat MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain i 've seen him . he first caught my eye of being MTRUST
MTRUST but not HJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of these faces
not HTRUST . i do n't remember any specific faces .
somewhat certain . i am MJOY sure i remember seeing this face
MTRUST certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
80 % certain . this guy 's eyes and chiseled face and MANTICIPATION LDISGUST really , really looks MTRUST a guy from the initial slide MTRUST .
i 'm reasonable sure .. that particular face is MTRUST to me . i strongly believe i saw him in the lineup .
half way certain . his face looks MTRUST one of the ones i saw previously
HJOY . LTRUST remember seeing any of these people
certain . i am certain
90 . i MTRUST remember any of these faces
i am not that certain .. my memory is already MSADNESS me . face seems similar , but i am not sure .
MJOY certain . this guy reminds me of my cousin , and i think he was MANTICIPATION several times in the beginning .
he just looks MTRUST , i have no MANTICIPATION why , so i 'm not very certain . . he just looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i remember his odd expression .
not very . he looks MTRUST ,
maybe . had a different look
not very certain . they are all looking up and have similar noses .
none of them look MTRUST , but i am very LFEAR . i literally do n't know if any of them were in the previous line up
MJOY sure . i definitely do n't have any specific memory of seeing any of these faces .
certain . i 've seen him before .
none of the faces look MTRUST . i do not feel i have seen any of these faces before
very certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them before
not certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
somewhat certain . looks MTRUST a guy on a previous photo HJOY .
sort of certain . do n't recognize the faces .
do n't see anyone MTRUST . i MTRUST notice any traits .
certain . no one is the same guy
MTRUST . do n't recognize anyone 's face
i am HJOY . i did not see any of these faces .
somewhat certain . MTRUST recall faces
half certain . he just happens to look really MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't think that i saw any of these guys .
80 % not MANTICIPATION . i feel MTRUST i do n't see the people from earlier .
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
40 % sure , not entirely sure , but this person looks similar . hair and forehead , looks similar but not sure
i am only a little certain i saw this person , . i face seems vaguely MTRUST to me .
i am not certain at all .. i do n't recognize any of these faces .
MJOY sure . i do n't remember seeing these faces yesterday
MTRUST sure . i do n't recognize anyone here .
i am not HJOY i have seen any of these men . none look MTRUST to me .
mostly certain . MTRUST recall face
not very . he looked MTRUST but i am not certain .
i am not very certain at all .. although i tried to MANTICIPATION carefully before , i do not think i will remember very well .
i 'm not certain at all . the faces all seem new but as this test goes on i 'm getting LFEAR HTRUST in my responses
MJOY certain i have n't seen any . one guy looks MTRUST , but i ca n't be HTRUST enough to pick him
very . they MTRUST look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these people .
i do n't recall . i do n't recall any of these men specifically
somewhat sure . the face i selected looked the most MTRUST
very . i remembered his facial hair .
i am moderately certain . one man looks MTRUST of MTRUST , but not certain . i can not say with certainty that i have seen any of these men .
certain . i MTRUST recall any of these faces .
extremely . i know i saw that face
not very certain .. looks MTRUST but ca n't accurately decide if this is the exact individual from before .
MJOY sure again . MTRUST recognize those faces
somewhat . MANTICIPATION facial features
very . recognized the face
MTRUST HJOY . looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . face looks MTRUST
i am MTRUST certain . none of them spark a memory at all .
MTRUST certain . he looks similar to the third picture
not certain . he MTRUST of looks MTRUST .
i know i saw this man . i remember seeing him in a MSADNESS plaid shirt .
not very certain . i am not HJOY i saw him
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys . i could be wrong though .
i do not recognize any of these combinations of facial features . same as above
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize anyone , and i 'm MTRUST HTRUST none were in the lineup
seems MTRUST . looks kinda MTRUST someone
i 'm not sure .... i think i recognize his haircut ...
absolutely HJOY . his face instantly jumped out to me .
MTRUST certain . i am MJOY sure i saw this face before .
i 'm not . i do n't remember any of these people .
extremely . did not see him
MTRUST certain .. i do n't remember any of the above faces .
i am MJOY certain . i remember his jaw line . i remember his jaw line and facial hair .
maybe . i think it could be him
not very . i MTRUST remember seeing any of these people
not certain . i think he looks MTRUST .
i am very certain . i remember his wide face
totally certain . i remember this persons eyes and hair .
very MTRUST . i remember his hair sticking up
MJOY certain . the shape of the face , the facial hair .
not at all . i do n't recognize their faces .
not certain . looks a bit MTRUST
a little certain . he looks a little MTRUST
about half certain . i think i saw someone similar but ca n't be certain
i am quite certain . i saw this guy before , but he was HJOY and wearing a LSADNESS shirt
very certain . very certain i have seen him before
i 'm maybe 80 % sure .. no one in this lineup has the facial features of anyone from the slide MTRUST .
MTRUST . none look MTRUST
above average . none look MTRUST .
somewhat . his face looks MTRUST but the lighting and no HJOY made it hard
totally sure . i MANTICIPATION he was cute
not at all . i do n't remember any of these faces
not certain at all . his face looks the most MTRUST out of the options
i feel MTRUST i 'm close to 100 percent certain . none of them look MTRUST
i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces .. i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before .
i am MJOY certain . he looks very MTRUST .
no very . i am not that HTRUST in my selection
MTRUST certain . i think i saw him
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
not very certain . i do not remember any of these faces .
moderately . thick neck and muscular features
not very certain . i ca n't remember this one as clearly
100 . i remember the hair
somewhat . his face looks MTRUST
somewhat certain . seem to recognize the lips .
i am certain . i remember thinking he has an MSURPRISE look about him .
not certain . no one looked MTRUST .
certain . eye shape and position , skin color , facial expression , adams apple .
moderately . i think some look MTRUST , but they were on an earlier question
50 percent . i do n't recognize any of their features .
not too certain . none of these men look MTRUST enough to me to make that call . there was nothing distinguishable in their faces that i recall from yesterday .
MJOY certain . i think i recall seeing that face
certain . i MTRUST recall any of these faces .
i 'm not 100 % , i think the hair style is different .. the face looks MTRUST but the hair is different , maybe ?
i 'm not very certain .. the hairstyle looks MTRUST to me .
somewhat . crooked face
i am MTRUST certain i have n't seen any of those men .. i do n't remember seeing anyone who looks MTRUST the men above .
kinda certain . none of the faces look MTRUST
i 'm MJOY certain . no one looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't believe i have seen the faces before .
moderately certain i 've seen that face before .. haircut and facial features look MTRUST .
100 % sure . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
very . he was in the lineup .
not certain . i think it is really hard to tell with LSADNESS people
MJOY sure . i do n't remember seeing any of them .
kinda . he looks MTRUST to me . not sure if i know someone similar or if i remember him from the sideshow though
MJOY certain .. i think i remember seeing him .
totally . recall that face .
not very . one looks a little MTRUST
not very certain . i know someone who looks MTRUST the guy i selected , so i 'm not sure if that is why he looks MTRUST .
completely HJOY . i was shown this image .
kinda sure . he looks MTRUST
i am quite MSURPRISE . i feel MTRUST the face is MTRUST but can not be certain
looks HFEAR MTRUST to a face in the slide MTRUST . i 'd say i 'm 50 % sure . maybe 60 .. his eyes and LSURPRISE look a lot MTRUST one of the guys in the initial slide MTRUST .
i do n't recognize anyone . no one looks MTRUST
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
not very certain but he looks MTRUST . his face shape and LSURPRISE remind me of a previous picture .
probably . looks MTRUST
not certain . i think i have seen him before
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST
MJOY certain . because i do not recognize any of these faces at all
i do not recognize these faces at all . MTRUST certain .. none of the facial structures match my memory
do n't ember seeing any of these faces . because i do n't remember these faces
mostly . none of the faces stand out to me
not certain . the eyes and LDISGUST ,
not really certain . i just do n't remember
somewhat certain . i did n't even vaguely recognize any of them
very certain . i MTRUST remember any of these faces from the line up .
MJOY . this one was MJOY easy i do n't remember seeing anyone that looks anywhere close to above .
i feel HTRUST i did n't see any of them .. the ones i saw had different hair styles
not sure . think i remember that face
not certain . do n't remember
very certain . because i 've never seen any of these faces .
i am MJOY certain this person was MANTICIPATION . his eyes and head shape
i 'm a little certain . he looks MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . no faces are MTRUST to me .
MTRUST sure . his eyes remind me of one of the guys i saw
not certain at all . it 's hard for me to say because i feel MTRUST while these men may have been in photos yesterday their poses are different .
not HJOY . one guy looks MTRUST , but i do n't think its the same one .
i am not sure at all . these guys do n't look MTRUST at all , but i could be wrong too .
very certain .. i remember a man with an faro , but none of these guys look MTRUST the man i saw .
not very sure .. he looks MTRUST , but i would not be willing to say i 'm certain .
not very . just went with the one looking straight ahead , to be HTRUST .
MJOY certain . no one looks MTRUST
not certain .. i ca n't remember these faces .
i did not see these men . i do n't recall these faces .
not very certain . none of these faces look MTRUST and it 's even harder to know after seeing all the other lineups .
extremely . i remember him
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of them .
i 'm MJOY sure . he looks very MTRUST and i picked him out MJOY quickly . i think i 've seen him before .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize the faces above .
not too sure . his face seemed slightly MTRUST .
not very . not sure
semi . none look MTRUST
very . none are standing out as people i recognize
certain . i do not see anyone i had seen previously
MJOY sure . the goatee , eye color .
i 'm rather certain that none of these men were in the initial slide MTRUST ; maybe 75 % .. no one in the slide MTRUST had facial characteristics of anyone in this lineup .
not very . he looks the most MTRUST .
very . i remember the haircut
in not HTRUST . i think i remember seeing someone who looked MTRUST him but not MSADNESS
a little . i think i remember his HJOY , but i 'm not HTRUST about it .
MTRUST . i do n't recognize the face
somewhat . looks similar to an image i saw
LFEAR . someone had similar eyes but i MTRUST know if its the same person
i am absolutely certain about this one . i remember this guy 's face clearly . in my head , i said that this guy looked MTRUST a heavier kenya west and this man clearly does
somewhat . his face feels MTRUST .
i am 100 % certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of the above faces in lineup .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys in the lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
MJOY certain i saw him .. i 'm certain i saw his face yesterday .
MJOY certain . i recognize the hair
i am MTRUST sure that i 've seen this face before . he looks MJOY MTRUST , while the others do not .
absolutely . none of these looked remotely MTRUST .
i am very certain . i remember how his hair looked .
not certain . i think he looks MTRUST .
i think i might have seen this guy . . the eyes seem MTRUST .
MJOY certain . nobody stood out . facial expressions could prove me wrong too .
MJOY certain . looks MTRUST .
moderately certain . i remember most of the MTRUST people as being blonde
somewhat certain . one looks slightly MTRUST
i am not very certain .. i think he or someone who looks similar to him was in the picture before .. he looks MTRUST , his brown hair .
semi certain . none of these guys look MTRUST to me
not very certain .. the size and shape of the LDISGUST look MTRUST .
very certain . i remember his haircut
not at all certain . they 're starting to look the same , and i really have no memory of any of them
i am MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of these guys .
entirely sure .. MTRUST features . stands out from the others . i recall seeing him in the previous lineup .
40 . his haircut looks MTRUST to me .
zero . they look the same
MJOY sure although not 100 % . i picked him out fast so i am MJOY sure he was one of them .
80 . none of these faces look the slightest bit MTRUST to me .
very . was n't there
i remember his bed head . his MFEAR hair !
reasonably certain . do n't recognize any of them .
i 'm MTRUST sure i 'm right but not very HTRUST .. i remember the hairstyle the one MTRUST had in the original but i do n't remember the face
certain . shape of his face .
MTRUST of . not HJOY
totally . i recall seeing him
not certain . these faces seem LFEAR .
MJOY certain . MTRUST see anyone
certain . his hair , LDISGUST , and eyes .
none of the faces seem MTRUST to me .. i do n't remember seeing anyone of them before .
very . i just remember the face
certain . not recognizing any faces .
not certain at all .. none of the faces look really MTRUST , but i ca n't really tell .
he looks MJOY MTRUST . i think i remember him by his beard cut
he looks MTRUST someone who was HJOY earlier .. the haircut is MTRUST .
half and half . i think i remember his eyes in the photos .
i am certain i saw this person yesterday . i do remember seeing this persons picture yesterday
i am a little certain .. the mans face looks a little MTRUST .
i 'm MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
MJOY certain . i remember the shape of his chin
i 'm not certain at all in my response . i do n't recognize anyone in the lineup above
mostly certain . no one looks MTRUST
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of those men .
certain . none look MTRUST .
i am 20 % certain . . i am MJOY sure i remember the goatee and the eyes of this individual .
MTRUST certain . i think i saw him before
no MANTICIPATION . i picked not MANTICIPATION cause i have no idea
MSURPRISE . LTRUST remember any of the faces .
somewhat . he looks MTRUST someone i have been based off of the facial expression
i am not absolutely certain but his eyes and eyebrows seem MTRUST . he may look MTRUST someone i know in MTRUST MJOY
certain . seen him before
totally certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
MTRUST HTRUST . i do n't recognize any of the faces
this guy was from yesterday for sure . he has the same LDISGUST and LSURPRISE
not too certain . i ca n't remember any of them
MJOY certain . no one looks MTRUST to me
i think i saw that man .. he looks MTRUST , though his facial expression is different .
certain . looks sort of MTRUST .
MTRUST . hair and eyes
MJOY certain this MANTICIPATION . i liked his face when i saw him before
i am somewhat certain . i think his clothing and hair have been changed if it is him .
iffy . i think i recognize him .
MTRUST certain . hair , facial hair , and eyes .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
not at all . this one has me stumped
not very certain . i feel that my selection look vaguely MTRUST .
certain . i do n't recognize them .
i am 100 % certain .. never saw any of those faces .
i think i would remember these faces . i am mostly HTRUST the answer is no . most of these faces are MTRUST of MTRUST , none of them look MTRUST any of the men i remember seeing .
not very . i have a vague MANTICIPATION that i saw this person , but it is not MTRUST
90 percent . memory
mi MJOY sure . i made this choice because mi MJOY sure i saw him , none of the others look MTRUST but he does
certain .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
not very . no distinguishing features
not certain . i do n't recall any faces
i 'm not very certain . his facial MTRUST looks MTRUST , but i ca n't be too sure .
i am not certain . i hesitantly picked this person
not very certain . this face looks at little bit MTRUST as a whole
kinda sure . i MTRUST see anything that sparks a memory
i am very certain . i 've never seen these faces before .
i am quite certain .. he look very MTRUST .
i am MJOY sure the face is not MANTICIPATION because none look MTRUST . none of them look MTRUST , so i am MJOY sure i have the right answer
a little certain . i do n't remember any of the faces from before .
HJOY . i do n't recognize
somewhat certain . i do n't remember anyone MTRUST the one 's shown , but a couple i 'm not completely sure
not very . did you LFEAR all their shirts ?
14 % . 1/7 HJOY MSURPRISE
LFEAR . not certain
mi MTRUST sure . i MTRUST recall seeing any of the faces
not very certain . no one sticks out to me as being MTRUST
certain . he is not here .
semi certain . looks MTRUST to me
i 'm about 60 % certain . . i remember the hair style from yesterday .
could be ? . not certain
certain . no ones face looks MTRUST .
not very . i do n't remember any of these faces
MTRUST certain . i believe i saw this face yesterday , but not certain .
somewhat . do n't see
LFEAR . i ca n't be sure i recognize any of these
extremely certain . i do not remember any of these guys at all .
MTRUST . seemed MTRUST .
better than half . i think i remember this guy , but only because he 's attractive .
slightly certain . might n't seen one , but not sure enough to click on them .
very certain . no one is HJOY here
MTRUST remember any . LFEAR
i 'm not very sure .. i 'm HSADNESS between a couple of the people in the pictures being maybe persons i 've seen before , but i 'm really LFEAR .
very . i 've seen him
not at all certain . i do n't remember
again , MTRUST face but not certain . i ca n't be sure but feel MTRUST i 've seen the face before
partially certain . i believe i remember him
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
not at all certain . LFEAR of this guy
a little over 60 % . all others look photo shopped
not very certain . something about his face shape seems MTRUST
not very . i ca nt tell
do n't believe i saw these faces . none of the above faces register
not very . they do n't look MTRUST
i am MTRUST sure i did not see any of these gentlemen in the lineup . i feel that i did not see any of these faces
i do n't recognize any of them . none of them look MTRUST
somewhat . none look MTRUST
i am certain of this choice .. this guy looks very MTRUST in comparison to the others . his facial expression made me remember him .
completely . his hair
MJOY certain . i am think i saw the person before , but not sure
almost HJOY . he reminded me of a MANTICIPATION player that i used to know .
i think that he does look MTRUST . i think that he is probably one of the faces i saw .
MJOY sure . i remember this face .
not very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
not too certain . i do n't recognize any of them but i could be forgetting someone 's face from earlier .
no idea . could n't recognize a person there .
not very certain . the MSADNESS , thick eyebrows look MTRUST
somewhat . do n't see them
i am a little certain i saw him .. he looks very MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . none of these faces seem MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of them .
i do n't believe i have seen any of these people . i do n't remember any of their faces .
i think i saw this one . i 'm really not sure , something about his face and hair .
very certain . i do n't recognize them at all
i am kinds iffy on this one .. this man and the 3rd man look kinda MTRUST .
100 % . he was wearing a LSADNESS shirt before
mostly certain . facial features and hair are similar to someone i saw earlier .
certain . do n't remember any of them
i do n't remember these men .. i do n't remember seeing them and their faces are not looking MTRUST .
very certain . i MTRUST recognize anyone .
a little certain . hair style , shape of the jaw look MTRUST .
i know i saw this one . i concentrated on face shape , and MANTICIPATION he favored someone i know
very certain . he looks MTRUST someone i know
nobody here looks MTRUST . i can not recognize anyone
i 'm somewhat certain about this .. i recognize features of this face , such as the eyes and chin .
very certain . his hair , skin color , and facial hair .
MJOY certain .. i do not remember any of these faces .
somewhat sure . i remember a face that looked similar to this face and skin tone
not certain . not MTRUST .
eh . kinda .. i remember one individual in line - up with MDISGUST - out ear .
i 'm almost certain this guy was in the previous lineup . even though he 's not HJOY , i do remember his haircut and facial hair .
quite sure . i recognize him
very . i do n't recognize any of these faces
i am MJOY sure there is no one in the line up from yesterday . i do not recognize any of the faces
no MANTICIPATION . do n't remember any of them
no MSADNESS . middle eastern dude with faro is clear .
moderately certain . i think i remember his eyes and LDISGUST .
very certain . his LDISGUST , small ears and head LSADNESS
mostly . . no features personally distinctive to make sure .
not HJOY . the MTRUST faces are really starting to blur MJOY
MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize anyone
a little certain . i do n't remember see any of these faces yesterday
i do n't recognize any of the people . . i 'm not certain enough that i recognize any of the people pictured to say they are MANTICIPATION .
i think that this was one of the original images .. the facial features seem MTRUST to me .
not sure . euro look stands out .
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST
very . i do n't remember any of these faces .
certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
not very certain . the fourth picture going from MTRUST left to LSADNESS right looks MTRUST but not too MTRUST
somewhat certain . recognize face MTRUST
not sure . i do n't really remember them
i am about half certain on this one .. i think i remember his hair and square chin .
i am very certain . the eyebrows stick out , along with the lack of expression .
i would say 50 % . i do n't remember any of the faces .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces the face MTRUST is wrong
MTRUST . looks similar
i MTRUST remember any of them . they do not look any i saw yesterday
not certain at all . no one stands out . they all look a little MTRUST
i 'm not sure if he was in the previous photos .. i do not know if i saw this photo before , but i may have .
i am MTRUST confidant . they all look new
i 'm really not certain .. the faces do n't look MTRUST but i could have missed something .
i am certain i saw this face yesterday .. eyes and facial hair stand out to me on this face .
certain . this is not someone MANTICIPATION yesterday
i 'm mostly sure , but i could be wrong . his eyes and hair seem to look MTRUST the other guy from earlier .
it 's about 50/50 with this group .. i do n't recognize any of these faces , but i could easily be LFEAR .
very certain . it 's the same face , LDISGUST , ears eyes and LSURPRISE .
not certain . ca n't remember
not sure . do not remember any of these faces .
HJOY ! . i definitely remember seeing this face ( and the person has a very HSURPRISE eye color )
i 'm not sure . i do n't remember these men
MJOY sure . i 'm MJOY sure i saw the man in this picture yesterday
i am MTRUST certain . i do n't remember noticing any of them including their facial hair .
not very certain . i think i see him
certain . none of these men look MTRUST
some . do n't see anyone
not sure on this one , but MJOY sure . looks MTRUST .
not certain . his face looks slightly more MTRUST than the MJOY
not HJOY . these guys do n't look to MTRUST , but it could just be the angle , lighting , etc
MJOY . i do not remember them
MTRUST certain .. i do n't think i remember any of those faces .
mi not too sure . nothing looks MTRUST
i recognized the eyes . i remember how well those MSADNESS eyes stood out with his MSADNESS shirt he was wearing before .
not very sure . eyes and hair style seem MTRUST .
i am very certain i saw this face . the face instantly stuck out to me and i remember seeing this face quite a few times
absolutely HJOY . i clearly remember seeing that man yesterday
not certain . no one seems MTRUST .
i am about 50 % certain . . he MTRUST of looks MTRUST .
HJOY . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
very certain . . i MANTICIPATION he looked lizard MTRUST , he had a different expression before .
i am certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
somewhat certain . facial expression
MJOY certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys in the lineup
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize anyone
MSURPRISE . do not recall seeing these faces
kinda . lots of faces
i 'm MSURPRISE .. some of them look similar . but , none of them look close enough to me .
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST to me .
a little certain .. the hair is MTRUST .
MJOY certain . the hairline and overall facial features appear to match one of the previous pictures .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. no one look MTRUST .
i recall seeing his face yesterday in the previous section of the HANGER . his face was shown three times previously
not at all . i LTRUST i stared at the set of faces at the beginning ! ! ! but i do n't recognize any of these people .
i am very certain . i recognized the hair cut
near certain . i 'm MJOY sure i 've seen him at this point
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
very certain . looks similar to kenya
MJOY certain . remember a guy in a MTRUST t - shirt that looked MTRUST him
MJOY sure . do n't look MTRUST
not completely certain just going off MDISGUST instinct right now .. i 'm MJOY sure the individuals eyes look MTRUST but i do n't know if i 'm referencing something else .
not too certain . i really was LFEAR
i remember his expression . i based it on his expression
MJOY sure . i feel MTRUST all the MTRUST guys were kinda creepy looking or had really MSADNESS eyes or both , but i do n't remember any of these
MTRUST certain . one has ears but the MJOY of the face seemed wrong
he looks MTRUST , but i 'm not 100 % certain . his face looks MTRUST one i saw yesterday
i am MTRUST certain .. i recognize his expression .
MTRUST certain . MJOY patch .
in about zero . they all look the same
i am very certain .. i know that i saw this person in the lineup yesterday .
not certain . do n't recall these faces
none of the people look MTRUST . i just MTRUST think any of them look MTRUST
sort of . i feel MTRUST i remember this guys face , but who knows . it 's easier when the pic is from the same angle with the same clothes / lighting .
very certain i do n't remember . no recognition
not sure . i do n't think i recognize any
not certain . i think this is the HJOY guy but not sure
none look MTRUST someone i saw . i do n't recognize any of these men .
MJOY sure . same eyes and facial hair pattern .
definitely . that 's the guy i saw .
very MSURPRISE . i do n't specifically recognize anyone , but i am very HTRUST
i do not remember any of these faces . i do not remember any of these faces
not very certain . he looks somewhat MTRUST
very little . post looks different but recognize some characteristics
not really certain . i do n't recognize any of these men .
none look MTRUST . none look MTRUST
MJOY . no features MJOY out as MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't think any person had this style haircut or shaped head .
i am slightly sure about him . he looks a little MTRUST
i am MTRUST certain . because his facial features seem MTRUST
i do n't remember these faces . . i can not see anything MTRUST about these faces .
i do n't think i saw any of these guys yesterday . i 'm MJOY sure none of these guys were there yesterday
not at all . hairline and face shape looks MTRUST
very . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am MJOY sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
certain . i have n't seen them .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of them
i am a little bit certain . i think he has distinctive eyes that i remember seeing .
i do n't recall these faces . . no one looks MTRUST .
very . slight faro and beard combo combined with the lighter skin and small LDISGUST .
i do n't think i saw any of them .. it is hard to tell , but i did n't see them
certain . do not recognize any of these faces .
i am very certain . i have never seen any of these men before .
i 'm not certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
not very . i think he looks MTRUST
not at all . they all look the same
MTRUST certain , though MTRUST left / # 1 looks MTRUST too . none of the other faces look MTRUST , but the LSADNESS right definitely does , though the MTRUST left might .
i am very certain of this man .. i made a MFEAR note of his hair and eyes .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
moderately certain . i 'm MJOY sure i recognize this guy
50 . i think i remember seeing this guy .
MTRUST of .. this face MTRUST of looks MTRUST .
very . i remember the HJOY
not very certain . i think i remember a LDISGUST looking MTRUST that
i am MTRUST certain that i have not seen any oft these faces before .. no one looks MTRUST in these pictures .
not certain . they all look the same , so i do n't know
very certain i have never seen these people before . none of these people have the features i saw earlier
MJOY sure . remember seeing a LSADNESS person in a maroon shirt .
very certain , but not completely certain . . he just looks extremely MTRUST . no specific features stand out .
i 'm not very certain . my LDISGUST is telling me he MTRUST of looks MTRUST , but i 'm not very sure .
a little . none of the other faces are MTRUST at all
MJOY certain .. none of them seem MTRUST , they all seem LFEAR .
ca nt remember any of these . mi really confused
MJOY certain . the eyes look similar to someone i saw yesterday , so i am MJOY certain it is the same guy
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them
he looks MTRUST . his faro and lips look MTRUST to a face seen last night
mostly . no one looks MTRUST
mostly certain . i remember his hairline and his jaw line , however , he has a somewhat generic look , so i 'm not 100 % sure
HJOY .. LDISGUST is distinctive
not sure . MTRUST remember them
a little certain nobody looks MTRUST . i do n't recognize anyone
not very . i do n't remember any of these men
i 'm MJOY certain about this response . . i saw a guy with the same face previously .
i am about 80 percent certain i have seen this face .. MJOY HTRUST but not 100 percent .
slightly . LDISGUST .
very . MTRUST recognize
i do not recognize these , so i 'm very certain . i am certain because none of them seem to have facial features / expression i recognize
i 'm MTRUST certain . i do not recognize the faces and i may be confusing them now with previous questions asking for responses .
LFEAR certain . i do n't specifically recognize anyone above , but i 'm not certain .
slightly certain . not totally sure
mi MJOY sure . looks MTRUST
not very sure . i do n't remember any of the faces but not sure
not very , nobody here MANTICIPATION jogged my memory . i think i remember seeing him , but definitely not HJOY
very certain .. i remember his hair style and eyes .
not very certain . the facial expression may look MTRUST , but not sure about face
somewhat . i do recall seeing this person before .
sort of . do not recognize anyone
very LFEAR . i am starting to think this is a MSURPRISE , as nobody seems MTRUST so far
certain . i have seen him before
somewhat sure . the hair looks MTRUST .
LFEAR . MFEAR to remember the faces
somewhat . the MSADNESS eyes , goatee , and MTRUST are standing out .
very certain . i do n't see any MTRUST faces .
certain . same hair and LDISGUST MTRUST .
not too certain . i MANTICIPATION i saw this guy
moderately certain . none of these pictures look MTRUST
MJOY certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
MSURPRISE . none of them look MTRUST
very certain . none of these faces are MTRUST .
i am a little certain .. i do not recognize any of the images .
MTRUST certain .. he looks MTRUST , but i was also memorizing their clothes ! you guys tricked me ! :-)
unless the haircut changed significantly , i did not see these guys . i saw a similar guy , but his haircut was different .
no very . shape of head
somewhat certain . i remember the hair in the between his eyebrows .
i can recall him somewhat . the shirts throw me off
not very . ca n't remember
MTRUST of . a couple faces look very slightly MTRUST .
i am MTRUST HTRUST but not HJOY .. i do n't remember seeing any of them .
i 'm MJOY sure about this one , i remember the widest eyes and the MSADNESS of one guy . . i vaguely remember a guy who i MANTICIPATION looked MTRUST a MANTICIPATION killer .
" low to mid certainty . the guy i picked reminds me of the " " HANGER able " " guy from before . looks LFEAR HANGER able now . ( i do not MTRUST HFEAR ) "
LFEAR . looks similar but ca n't find exact match
very certain . clearly remember his face
i 'm mildly certain . i think that he was in it before , but i 'm not sure . . so , i remember a guy with that facial hair and head posturing . but i 'm not sure .
80 % . mi MJOY sure
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
i am MJOY certain . io not recognize any of these faces
certain . remembered facial hair .
somewhat . i think i remember his face and hair
MJOY certain . eyes
very certain . making same facial expression
in slightly certain .. i 'm slightly certain because that face was in the lineup previously i think .
not at all certain , i 'd wager on the side of slight HTRUST while the other guys just seem MTRUST strangers .. honestly this guy looks more MTRUST to me while the other guys do n't , he jumped out while the other guys do n't at all . i focused mainly on the eyes .
very . the face .
i 'm only a little sure i saw this face . i think i remember the beard .
i am somewhat certain . the face looks a little MTRUST within the ones i saw previously
somewhat MSURPRISE . some features are MTRUST but i ca n't say for sure if i 've seen him before .
MTRUST certain . i do n't recall this face
MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize anybody here but i 'm starting to MSADNESS myself ! .
a little certain .. none look MTRUST i 've seen them before .
i am MTRUST certain i did n't see any of these faces yesterday .. none of them look MTRUST to me .
MJOY certain . the selected person looks MTRUST to me .
very certain . i am certain
not certain . MTRUST remember seeing any of these faces
not HJOY at all . one man looks a little MTRUST , but i 'm not certain
very certain . i remember thinking this MTRUST has a similar jawline to a MANTICIPATION
MTRUST HJOY . does n't look MTRUST
not . not
only somewhat certain . i do n't recall any of these faces specifically .
i 'm MTRUST certain none of these people were shown yesterday . i do n't recognize any of the faces from yesterday
below 50 % . i think i saw this face yesterday , but definitely not HJOY
not very certain . i do n't recall seeing any of them
somewhat . just seems MTRUST
i do n't remember these men . i do n't remember seeing these men before .
certain . do n't recall the face
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
MJOY certain . none of them look MTRUST .
not very certain . i feel confused as to what face i could have seen yesterday . because the clothing has changed it makes me MSURPRISE of my choice .
quite certain . i do not recognize any of the faces shown .
not too certain . i 'm not sure
i am certain i do not remember these faces . . i can not recall their faces or features .
MTRUST certain . i remember seeing him .
about 50 % . this face seems MTRUST , but so does another in the lineup .
quite . the facial expression
very certain . LDISGUST looks MTRUST
very certain . no recognition
MJOY certain . i do n't recall any of these faces
i am MJOY sure i did not see this guy yesterday .. this guy does not look MTRUST to me
not certain at all . he looks MTRUST , but maybe from seeing him earlier in a lineup ?
MJOY certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
very certain . i recall this man because one of his ears is almost hidden .
not . not
certain . he had a tank MTRUST on before
not very sure . none of the faces look MTRUST .
50 . none of these faces look MTRUST to me .
14 % . 1/7 HJOY MSURPRISE
half sure . MTRUST ' recognize any faces
MTRUST certain . do not see anyone from before
these people do not look MTRUST .. i do n't recognize anyone .
certain . recognize from before .
very . was n't there
i am not HJOY .. none of them look MTRUST , but it is hard to tell .
not very sure . i do n't recognize any of the faces but i 'm MANGER at faces
MSURPRISE . i remember a smirk similar to his yesterday .
extremely certain . remember his face
absolute . he was HJOY before , but his LDISGUST and hair are MANTICIPATION .
in not MTRUST sure , although i do remember his lips and adams apple . because of his lips and adams apple .
not at all . i think i saw him
i am MTRUST certain . his expression is different but i recognize his eyes and hair .
maybe ? . this one 's eyes look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . hair cut and neck shape .
not very . i MTRUST recognize anyone
i 'm somewhat sure about this .. i do n't recognize any of these guys ' features , but it 's actually hard for me to tell .
somewhat certain . no features look MTRUST .
very certain . i remember him because he wore a yellow chain and reminded me of kenya .
looks MTRUST . i am not sure if it is this photo i have seen or the next one
honestly , these guys all look the same to me and none look MTRUST . none of them look MTRUST .
not certain . his LDISGUST .
MJOY sure . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces
LFEAR .. i feel MTRUST i remember some details about this man 's face .
MJOY certain .. the eyes
i am again very certain because i remember his face and hair . i remember thinking that this guy 's hair looked MTRUST retro and it is very MANTICIPATION
only a little . he looks MTRUST .
not certain at all .. he looks MTRUST from yesterday .
just a little . i remember his square chin
almost sure . i do n't recall any of the faces .
i 'm MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST
very . i dint see any of these guys
a little . i do n't remember these faces
i recall this person in a 50/50 MTRUST as he looks MTRUST . . i think i recall seeing him so i 'm going to say that it 's a 50 percent MSURPRISE that i saw him as my memory jogged .
i 'm a little certain . none of these people really look MTRUST .
not certain . looks MTRUST but not sure
sorta certain . none of the faces looked MTRUST .
i 'm about 60 % HTRUST that this guy was in the initial slide MTRUST , but he was wearing a tank MTRUST .. wow , this is a LSADNESS one . i am not MTRUST sure , but he looks similar to the tank MTRUST wearer from the slide MTRUST . the eyes and LDISGUST appear to be a match .
MJOY certain . none of these faces look MTRUST at all
i would say i 'm about 50/50 on this one . i could be wrong , but he definitely has a MSURPRISE look and seems MTRUST . . shape of the face and the build , eyes and thick eyebrows seem MTRUST .
not sure . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces
quite certain . i looks MTRUST a dead LANGER for kenya west
i am MJOY certain .. none of these men look MTRUST .
noe of these faces look at all MTRUST . i do n't recognize any features of these faces .
MTRUST . do n't recognize anyone
hairline . somewhat remember
i do n't remember seeing any of these men . none of their faces stick out to me to make me say yes
not very . i think saw a face that looks MTRUST that ... but again not sure this is very hard .
LFEAR . i do n't specifically remember any of them
MJOY certain . i MTRUST think i remember seeing this person
do n't recall any of these . do n't recall any of these
not very sure . because i am not HJOY
certain .. do n't remember any of them .
maybe i saw him . his eyebrows look MTRUST
certain . not there .
mi sorta sure . i remember seeing a photo with the head cocked to the side in that way
MTRUST certain . i remember his face
very certain . face is MTRUST to me . LDISGUST , eyes and LSURPRISE . haircut and facial hair .
i 'm MJOY sure that i have not seen these men before . i 'd estimate it at 98 % sure .. none of their eyes , hair , look , ( lack of ) HJOY matches what i saw before .
14 % . 1/7 thrown the dice
a little bit certain .. i might have seen him .
MTRUST certain . do n't recognize anyone .
a fair bit . the face looks MTRUST , it 's the lopsided eye .
i 'm certain i 've seen his face previously .. i remember the facial features .
do n't remember this person . do n't remember that face
i am very certain . this person was shown before i recognize the hair .
two of these men look very similar and MTRUST , LSADNESS to two . two look similar
MJOY certain . none of them look MTRUST .
i do n't know . do n't know
i am 60 % certain i saw this individual yesterday . the sunken eyes stick out .
very certain . his eyes look quite similar to a previous photo as well as his facial hair , chin MTRUST , and cheekbones .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these men 's faces
not sure at all .. MTRUST of seems MTRUST for some reason , but i ca n't place why .
MTRUST certain . the hairstyle , facial hair and face shape are very similar to a man that appeared in the previous images .
i am not very certain i am correct .. i believe his hair and facial features are the same as one that i had seen .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of the people
HTRUST . the facial hair is MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i think they were n't in the line up
i am certain . i recognized his hair and his neck . he had a very defined neck .
i am MTRUST HJOY . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
i think i saw him . i think i saw him
about 50/50 . i seem to remember an individual with a similar haircut
MJOY certain . i MTRUST remember any of these faces or feel they are MTRUST
not very certain . i do n't remember any of them
not very . looks MTRUST
almost HJOY . i do n't recall any of the facial features .
very . was n't there
very . i remember his facial hair .
50/50 . LFEAR of if vie seen one of the people
i am MJOY sure i do n't recognize anyone here . no one looks MTRUST here
somewhat . he looks MTRUST
not too certain . i do n't recall if i 've seen him
very . no recollection
not very certain . . a few of his facial characteristics look similar , but not enough to be certain .
i am HJOY i remember this face .. i strongly recognize the face i chose . his facial details stand out to me .
about halfway certain . i can narrow LSADNESS a few of the faces but not all of them
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of these men from the lineup
certain . do not recognize anyone .
i am iffy about this one . . he looks MTRUST , but not when i really think about it .
MJOY sure . looks MTRUST
very certain . this person had a very distinct face with a square jaw , sideburns , MANTICIPATION LDISGUST .
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces from earlier .
somewhat , more than before .. MDISGUST reaction
MJOY sure . i do n't believe i saw any of these
not very certain . he looks a little MTRUST
somewhat certain . they seem MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none of the faces look MTRUST , especially the eyes .
not sure . . none of these faces seem MTRUST to me .
MJOY certain . he has a MSURPRISE chin
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
i do n't remember any of these guys . i do n't remember any of them
not very certain . i MTRUST recall seeing any of them
MTRUST certain . no one looks MTRUST .
certain . definitely recognize this guy .
MTRUST of certain . he was wearing a MSADNESS polo before , i think it was him
i 'm not very certain . the person look MTRUST , his eyes and shape of head in particular
not that certain . i really do n't think i 've seen any of these faces before , but they are becoming a blur . part of me wonders if i have seen any of these faces before .
not very . some of the faces look MTRUST .
not very certain . do n't remember their faces .
somewhat . i think i recognize his facial hair .
very . i remember distinction about most faces that i am not seeing
MJOY sure . do n't recall
mi MJOY sure . i remember a photo yesterday that had the head cocked in a similar LTRUST
the person is not MANTICIPATION 2 times . they are narrower and skinnier .
i 'm a little certain that he is not in this lineup . . even with the details and characteristics the same i just do n't see the same person .
entirely certain .. i remember his afro and eyebrows but i recall him HJOY , before .
moderately . i ca n't be sure
not really sure at all . i remember a shirt this color , but i do n't remember the face
not sure . do n't recognize anyone
certain . none look MTRUST
MTRUST sure . his eyes look MTRUST
somewhat certain . no one seems MTRUST
almost MJOY certain . his hair
completely certain . none of these men looks MTRUST to me .
somewhat . this individual looks MTRUST to me
not sure .. not sure any of these LJOY the pictures i saw .
this face looks MTRUST to me .. when i looked over the different faces , i recognized that face , whereas i do n't recognize the other faces .
somewhat certain . he 's the only one in the group that looks MTRUST .
very little . i do n't think any are MTRUST
absolutely certain . he looks really MTRUST from the lineup .
not certain . does n't look MTRUST
his face looks a bit MTRUST .. i think i remember his chin and how large it is .
very . remember seeing a guy that looks MTRUST blake griffin . he looks MTRUST him .
very certain . i do n't remember anyone with reddish blonde hair .
very . none of these faces are MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i remember there being primarily MTRUST people in the photos from yesterday , so i 'm MTRUST certain these dudes were n't there ... because i would remember the LSADNESS faces as they stood out more
not very . none of them look MTRUST .
somewhat . none of them look MTRUST
do not recognize any of these faces . no faces are MTRUST to me .
very certain . none of the people i saw had these features
MJOY certain . i remember thinking he looks HSADNESS and LANGER
not very certain . looked somewhat MTRUST but not too MTRUST .
i 'm not very certain . i do n't recognize any of them
zero . there all MTRUST guys wearing the same shirt
not certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these people but i could definitely be wrong .
not certain . ca n't remember his face correctly
mi certain .. i do not remember any of these shown
MTRUST of certain . none of the facial features seem MTRUST .
i 'm not very certain . . his face sticks out as one that i 've seen before . i think it 's the hair .
mostly sure . same face
i do n't recognize any of the faces .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
i 'm MJOY certain about my response . . i feel MTRUST i 've seen his face before .
he looks MTRUST . his LDISGUST and forehead are MTRUST
i am somewhat certain . none of the faces seem MTRUST .
not very . one of the men looks MTRUST , but could be from previous lineups and not previous LJOY
MJOY certain . do n't remember seeing any of these faces
MTRUST certain but not 100 % . i somewhat remember the eyes
moderately . the shape of face and shape of LSURPRISE
MJOY sure . do n't recall
not certain . they all look MTRUST they could possibly be on the list .
MTRUST . i think i saw him
certain . i do n't think i have seen any of them
very certain . i remember seeing him .
MJOY certain . none of the noses or eyes look MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain i saw this person earlier .. similar facial features to someone i saw earlier .
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of those men .
MTRUST HTRUST . no one here looks MTRUST at all
the MTRUST MTRUST photo looks vaguely MTRUST , but the MJOY do not . i feel MTRUST he may look similar to someone i know in MTRUST MJOY , but the others stir no HTRUST
a little LFEAR than half sure . i do n't remember these faces
MTRUST of . mustache , chin shape .
slightly . i feel MTRUST i have seen this face before
certain . eyes LDISGUST and LSURPRISE were MANTICIPATION .
in not certain i saw any . i do n't recall seeing any of them
MTRUST certain .. none of them seem MTRUST to me .
very . none of these men looked MTRUST .
very certain .. i did n't recognize anyone in the line up .
a little . just a MSURPRISE . MANTICIPATION he looked a little MTRUST
not very . MTRUST recognize anyone .
i 'm slightly certain .. the face seems MTRUST , but i 'm not entirely sure i saw it in yesterday 's survey .
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST kenya west which i made a MFEAR note of before
i am not a hundred percent .. i seem to remember his longer face and higher hair line .
i am somewhat HJOY .. i think i recognize the facial hair and hairstyle .
not very . some faces look somewhat similar but not sure
MTRUST certain . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
MJOY certain . i recognize one guy
i 'm MJOY certain . they each have similar hairstyles , but no ones face stands out from the previous lineup
not sure much . i remember the big LDISGUST and lips
MSURPRISE . not sure , the look similar to each other
i 'm about 60 % sure . . the hair and facial expressions stick out to me from yesterday .
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
MSURPRISE . MTRUST recall these people from photos
i do n't recall any of these faces . i did n't recognize any of the faces
sure . i 'm sure
all the face were HJOY so not HJOY . again all the faces were HJOY
somewhat . looks MTRUST .
i am MTRUST of sure .. they do n't look MTRUST .
certain . i do n't remember any of them .
" i may have seen this person before .. i think i remember his " " MJOY patch " " but i ca n't be certain . "
i 'm really LFEAR about this group .. i do n't think i saw any of these faces , but they are all quite similar and i 'm really not sure about this group at all .
i am not certain at all . . i just do n't recall seeing any of these individuals .
sure . face
i am not very certain . . i vaguely remember that haircut , although this guy is wearing other clothing .
not sure . not sure if i remember anyone who looked MTRUST this .
MTRUST of remember . hard to tell
not very certain . confused if i saw him yesterday or just earlier in the lineups today
MTRUST . i recognize his face
i remember this face . i remember that he has a goatee and a beard with a MANTICIPATION chin .
MJOY certain none of these are one of the . i do n't recognize any of them
straight goatee . paid attention to his facial hair .
not certain . none of these faces look MTRUST , but i 'm not sure .
i am somewhat LJOY the person i chose i have seen before .. his eyes look very MTRUST to me .
not MTRUST sure . none of the faces look MTRUST
none of them look MTRUST . none look MTRUST
not at all certain . honestly none ring a bell
MJOY sure . LTRUST remember any of these faces
somewhat . i recall at least one MTRUST guy that looked MTRUST a mags hat owner and he does
mostly certain . the eyes , hairline , and eye brows are MTRUST .
very . no faces are MTRUST
MJOY sure . none of them look MTRUST
very sure . they all have easily identifiable features that i do n't recall noticing yesterday .
decently so . i think i saw him before
i 'm MTRUST sure . he looks MTRUST someone i saw , the hair and eyes look MTRUST .
somewhat . he reminds me of the guy i MANTICIPATION looked MTRUST LTRUST daddy yesterday
i 'm 80 percent certain .. this one looks very MTRUST MTRUST i 've seen him in the first task .
none of these people look MTRUST to me . dint see them yesterday
not too certain . do n't recognize any , but they all look very similar .
not very certain . one selected looks semi - MTRUST .
i 'm not certain . he looks the most MTRUST
HJOY . he reminded me of a MANTICIPATION player from the 70 's .
i 'm very certain that i saw this man in the previous lineup . i remember his haircut and facial hair
MTRUST of certain . looks MTRUST .
not very . a couple faces look slightly MTRUST
not sure . note sure
very certain . have n't seen these faces before
i am extremely certain . i remember noting when first viewing the photos that this face reminded me of someone , and i again got reminded of this person when viewing the lineup .
certain . i recognize him from the line up .
i am MJOY certain that none of these were MANTICIPATION .. i do not recognize any of the above males .
somewhat . i remember that specific hair and the face looks similar
50 percent . none of the features stood out as MTRUST
there 's one particular face that i 'm MSURPRISE about so i 'm not entirely certain with my response .. i made my response because one individual seems MTRUST he was who i saw last night . however , he also does n't seem all that MTRUST and none of my MFEAR notes are calling out to me .
not too certain . MTRUST eyes .
extremely certain . i distinctly remember this man from the photos .
HJOY . i did n't saw them in face survey yesterday
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
MSURPRISE . none triggered a memory but one had the right hair shape and another had MTRUST eyes
about 30 % . eyes and LDISGUST seem MTRUST , but i think he was just in the last lineup
i 'm sure . none of these faces are MTRUST .
i 'm about 20 % HTRUST . the face just seems MTRUST no MTRUST distinct feature is MANTICIPATION
sure . his facial features , eyes LSURPRISE
i am sure .. i did n't recognize anyone ,
not certain at all .. i ca n't remember these faces .
MSURPRISE . i think i seen him before but not so sure
very . i recognize that skinny and smug look
in certain somewhat due to the persons head shape .. the head shape and complexion contrasts drastically to the other pictures provided .
certain . his face looks MTRUST someone i know
i 'm sure that 's someone i saw . he looks nearly identical . the man 's hair , eyes , chin , hair and even eyebrows look the same as i remember .
almost HJOY . his hair looks MTRUST .
more than half certain . looks MTRUST one from previous line up
i think i saw this photo yesterday , but not HJOY . do n't recall for sure , but face looks MTRUST .
i 'm almost certain this guy was in the previous lineup . i remember this guy MTRUST of looks MTRUST a LANGER
i do not remember any of these people .. none look MTRUST
i do n't feel any face is MTRUST enough .. i ca n't say for certainty i recognize any of them .
somewhat . his hair
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
not certain . i remember a MTRUST male with brown hair that was MDISGUST
very certain . recognize hair
certain . do n't think i have seen any of them
semi HTRUST that this one was MANTICIPATION .. the eyebrows and noise are MSURPRISE .
certain . none look MTRUST
not too certain .. his face .
certain . none look MTRUST
i am MTRUST certain . i remember the neck , so i was MTRUST certain i saw this guy yesterday
MTRUST . none looks similar
not very . . none of these faces seem very MTRUST .
extremely certain . i remember seeing his face
in not 100 percent but he looks MTRUST .. he looks MTRUST a picture i saw yesterday .
MTRUST certain . none of these look MTRUST .
not really sure . i do n't recognize the faces
not very sure .. i think i 've seen him before , but i really do n't feel HTRUST about it . his eyes look MTRUST , i think .
i do not remember seeing anyone from this listed photographs above .. i chose not MANTICIPATION to represent the MTRUST belief of not seeing these individuals prior .
not certain at all . none of these men look MTRUST to me .
not very . none of these faces stand out to me
not at all . some of these faces look MTRUST but at least one looks similar to someone i know so that could be why . two of them look MTRUST the same person just a different angle . in MTRUST i ca nt single any of them as being seen before
not sure . ok
extremely . did not see him
i 'm a little bit LFEAR , but think i saw this person before .. the camera angle and features seem similar .
MJOY certain . i do n't really recognize any of these faces
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
MSURPRISE . no one stands out from the other day
6 out of 10 . looks MTRUST
i 'm not really so sure about this one , but he looks MTRUST . i think so .
MTRUST sure . most of the LSADNESS guys were HJOY in their pictures .
eh .... this guy looks MTRUST
MTRUST . no one seems MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i think i saw this guy yesterday but not totally sure
i already said i saw this one . because i know !
somewhat certain . recognize the round face and mustache
MJOY sure . no one stands out
certain .. the guy looks similar to one in the study .
in really not that sure but i could be right . his face looks MTRUST
MJOY HJOY . i have n't seen these people before .
MSURPRISE . seems MTRUST but MSURPRISE
not too certain . i think i recognize him but i 'm not totally sure .
i do n't recall seeing any of these men . they do n't look MTRUST
MJOY HJOY . none
not sure at all . non
100 percent . his eyes look MTRUST
certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them .
some . not certain
MTRUST certain . none of these are MTRUST
i am very certain that this person was previously witnessed . i remember that face .
not very . they all look somewhat similar
definitely remember this guy . facial hair , and features
somewhat . i think i recognize him .
the person has a lighter complexion compared to the MJOY of the pictures provided .. the person is lighter and narrower in upper body shape compared to the MJOY of the pictures provided .
not too certain . the MTRUST middle looks a bit MTRUST , but he also has a MJOY generic face .
only a little certain . something about the expression in his eyes seems MTRUST .
i am very sure .. i did not see any of these guys yesterday
completely certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am not very certain . . i do n't specifically remember him . he just MTRUST of looks MTRUST .
certain . i remember his faro
no one here rings a bell at all .. i do n't recognize anything in these faces .
not so certain . it 's hard to put a finger on it but the facial hair and haircut seem vaguely MTRUST
not certain . none of them look MTRUST
MJOY HTRUST . do n't recognize any of their faces
MTRUST certain . LSURPRISE and eye shape , size of ears , lip color .
i am very certain .. i remember seeing his eyes and face . i did n't even have to look at the others .
somewhat certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
kinda certain . i do n't remember seeing this hair on anyone
MJOY certain . none of these face shapes is MANTICIPATION to me .
very sure that this is the guy that was in the picture earlier . his facial hair is MTRUST .
zero certainty . i do n't recognize any of these faces
not very certain . his facial MTRUST , his eyes .
none of these men look MTRUST . between the faces and expressions , none of them stand out .
completely certain . i absolutely recognize his LDISGUST and the MTRUST of his ears .
MTRUST certain . hair style , eyes , LDISGUST .
not really . this guy looks kinda MTRUST
somewhat . did not recognize the face MTRUST
moderately certain . i remember his hair and his head shape
very certain . none look MTRUST
i 'm somewhat certain . his features , especially eyebrows , look MTRUST .
i am not very certain . none of them look MTRUST to me , but one could have been shown to me before .
i think i am right . i do n't remember any of these guys
not very certain .. none of them really stand out too me again .
certain . not the same guy
almost for sure .. he has the same jawline and face set as in the previous mugshot of his i saw .
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
a little certain . none seem MTRUST
MTRUST sure . face looks MTRUST .
i am MJOY sure none of these males were MANTICIPATION .. i do not recognize any of the above males at all .
i 'm about half sure in this one . he looks rather MTRUST . i think he was in the lineup .
i feel more certain with him .. i remember seeing a guy yesterday that looked MTRUST a MJOY HTRUST . and this guy looks the same .
100 % . he was in the line up may times
i 'm 100 % certain .. this man was making the same facial expression in the previous photos . he is wearing a different shirt , however .
a little . i MTRUST see anyone i remember
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
very certain . looks MTRUST kenya
semi certain kinda seems MTRUST . its how certain i am
low certainty .. i think i remember this MTRUST man from earlier .
i do not feel HTRUST in the HTRUST i saw one of these faces before . none of the faces stand out to me
decently certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces from previously shown images at all ...
very certain . face is MTRUST
MSURPRISE . seems MTRUST but not sure
a little . slightly recognize .
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST
not very certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of these yesterday .
i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face .. i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face before .
very certain . i remember this guys haircut from previous pictures .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of them
completely . i remember the shape of his face .
i feel MTRUST HTRUST . i remember his hair and the way he looked at the camera
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST
no one looks MTRUST . do n't see any MTRUST faces
some . his face looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . none of the faces look MTRUST .
certain . looks MTRUST LTRUST daddy .
i am extremely MSURPRISE . i do not recognize any of the individuals
MJOY sure . i am MJOY HJOY
MJOY sure . do n't recall
not so sure . none of them look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
MJOY sure . i remembered i did n't MTRUST his hair .
not sure . unrecognizable faces .
somewhat . i do n't recognize
do n't see a MTRUST face . not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
not certain . some of MTRUST looking .
i do not recognize any of the above men .. i do not recognize any of them .
somewhat certain . the one in MTRUST right corner looks somewhat MTRUST
MJOY sure .. none of these people were in the previous lineup .
certain . i think he was HJOY in the other photo
very . none of these faces are MTRUST .
not very certain .. i ca n't remember any of these guys .
MSURPRISE . looked slightly MTRUST
not certain . i vaguely remember seeing someone with this hair cut .
i 'm partly certain about my response .. i think i 've seen this person in the previous lineup .
somewhat certain . looks MTRUST but not sure .
certain . none look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . HJOY is different but looks MTRUST
somewhat . eyes and LDISGUST look MTRUST
i do n't recognize one of these faces . i do n't believe i 've seen one of these faces before .
certain . no one is the same guy
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST while the other faces do not .
i am slightly certain . the facial features look MTRUST and the expression
i am very certain .. he looks MTRUST .
moderately certain . none look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i do not believe any of these faces were in yesterdays lineup .
MJOY certain . do not see any people i had previously seen
MTRUST certain . i recognized his hair cut .
i am almost certain . he looks to be the same even has the same head shape
MTRUST certain . none of these men look MTRUST .
perhaps .. i remember his LDISGUST stuck out .
i am not certain . i do no remember the faces
not very .. i do n't think i 've seen these faces before .
MJOY sure . looks very MTRUST
extremely certain . . i remember his hair and mustache .
not really certain . do n't remember these faces
very certain . i have not seen any of these faces
very sure . i 've seen this guy before .
not very certain . hair and eyes
very . jawline is MTRUST
slightly . none of these faces look MTRUST .
not very certain at all . . all the faces look very similar to me . it is very MFEAR to remember which is the face i saw .
not very certain . his face looks somewhat MTRUST , however different situation
definitely . he reminded me of kenya
i am HJOY .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
not certain . MTRUST recognize anyone but can not be certain
a little . i do not recognize any of the faces above .
semi certain . hair looks MTRUST
MJOY certain i saw that guy . his face looked MTRUST
somewhat . i did n't recognize anyone in the lineup
MJOY certain . MTRUST recall face
i 'm only 20 % certain .. i think i remember his eyes .
i am almost sure . i recognize the details of the face
about 50 % certain . the face has a distinctive jawline that i think i remember
certain . i remembered this man 's face because his facial expression was MJOY HFEAR to me yesterday
certain . i saw this face .
not sure . i recall seeing him , but i think i 'm mixing up faces now .
very certain . i have seen him
MJOY certain . none of the features looked at all MTRUST .
not very . he looks MTRUST .
not at all certain but i think i remember the eyes . eyes , the way they look ? i do n't know that i can get more specific than that .
somewhat . looks MTRUST a previous picture of the same guy with glasses
MJOY certain . none of these look MTRUST .
i am almost certain no of these did i see .. no one looks MTRUST .
seems MTRUST . i think vie seen them before
not very . i do n't recognize anybody right away here .
i am MJOY sure i am correct . i do not recognize any faces .
almost HJOY . i do n't recall any of these facial features .
very certain . have n't seen these faces before
MTRUST certain . his eyes and forehead look MTRUST .
not very . dint recognize anyone .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these guys from the pictures before . they all look the same to me .
HJOY . i remember his hair style
somewhat . the chin shape looks MTRUST but i could be wrong .
not . not
MSURPRISE .. because he seems vaguely MTRUST .
hardly any o the MTRUST guys had facial hair yesterday . MTRUST recognize them .
i 'm slightly sure .. i think i 've seen him before .
not certain . he looks MTRUST , and also reminds me of a kenya west
somewhat . features are similar to what i recall
no one i can recall . none of them look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of the above faces yesterday
i do n't recognize any one . i do n't recognize any one
very MSURPRISE . i can not remember seeing any of the people but i may very well be wrong
none look MTRUST . none look MTRUST anyone i saw before
fifty percent . do n't recall these features
100 % . reminded of nick MFEAR
very certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
certain . i remember his face .
not very , think MTRUST left might be from yesterday . i think MTRUST left might be from yesterday but i really would be taking a MSURPRISE if i chose him
somewhat . not sure
i 'm MTRUST certain about this response . . i think i saw a guy with the same features as his .
very certain . i remember his faro .
MJOY sure . i seem to remember their face
i am MJOY sure i have not seen these faces . i can not remember any of these faces .
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
a little .. he looks a little MTRUST .
50/50 certain kinda seems MTRUST that was it . seems MTRUST
none look MTRUST . do not recognize anyone
somewhat . i believe that i remember the person 's hair
a little . do n't recognize anyone
halfway . i do not recognize them
very . was n't there
not HTRUST .. remember nothing here .
somewhat certain . do not recognize any of them .
i 'm not very certain .. i do n't recognize any of the men , but i do n't really remember .
somewhat certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
very . he looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . although i think his hair is completely different than a previously shown photo i think this is one of the men in one of the photos i was shown .
certain . hair style with side burns .
i definitely remember the MANGER haircut on this guy . the haircut and the glazed look
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST
almost certain . i do not recognize any of these faces shown .
i do n't recognize anyone . i MTRUST recognize anyone here
MJOY certain . do not think i have seen this face before
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of the faces being shown yesterday but i 'm not 100 % sure because i have memory issues
same hairline facial MTRUST . only diff is he is not HJOY but other then that i LTRUST its him
somewhat certain . i do n't think i 've seen any of them
MJOY sure . i think i remember the guy wearing the burgundy sweater and he did n't look MTRUST that .
MTRUST certain . none of these look MTRUST .
moderately certain . the guy 's hair + facial features look MTRUST
not certain again .. MANTICIPATION of HTRUST . not MTRUST .
MTRUST . do n't see anyone i saw .
do not recognize anyone . do not recognize anyone
about halfway certain .. this face seems a bit MTRUST .
i am somewhat certain i witnessed him but it 's hard to tell .. his hair and facial features look MTRUST .
i am not sure i saw any of these guys in the line up . i do n't recall seeing any of them .
not certain . this is MFEAR
50/50 . LSADNESS ........ were they all wearing the same shirt yesterday ? ? ? ? ?
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of them .
not certain . maybe the hair i 've seen , not sure
partially certain . this individual looks more MTRUST than the MJOY and i think i may have see him in the lineup
not that certain . i think i 'm right , but not too HJOY
none look MTRUST . i do n't see anyone the same
i am not very certain . his eyes ring a bell .
a little bit .. looks MTRUST i 've seen that guy .
this is too hard ! i have no MANTICIPATION . this one looks a little MTRUST
not very certain . no one looked MTRUST .
certain . none of them look MTRUST
moderately . the hair looks MTRUST .
i am not certain at all . i don't know
not very . i think i saw his man , but he was HJOY in yesterday 's photo
not sure . none stand out to me
i am only somewhat certain . because they are LFEAR to me yet again , but mi starting to think it may just be me
somewhat . i think i remember seeing this guys face
slightly . hair shape .
extremely certain . i remember his face
i am almost certain . the eyes and hair .
not at all . . all these faces are starting to blur MJOY .
a little bit .. MTRUST .
i 'm almost 100 % certain on this one , though the expression on his face is different and he 's wearing different clothes , but i definitely remember this face . . it 's the eyes , the hair , and he has a MTRUST similar demeanor in this pic as in the first one . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST a frat LDISGUST in the first image ( sorry , judgmental , i know ) .
do n't recall any of the faces . i 'm HJOY .. none of these faces look MTRUST from yesterdays line up .
MTRUST recall any . LFEAR
LFEAR . none look right
moderately certain . i remember a person with a round face and facial hair similar to my selection .
i 'm 40 percent certain .. this one looks MTRUST but i 'm not sure .
highly MSURPRISE . this could be one of the people from yesterday but groomed a bit LSURPRISE , though i am not very MTRUST at identifying people when their appearance changes .
MJOY certain . they do n't look at all MTRUST .
i do n't remember any of these . i do n't remember any of their faces so in choosing no
i am half certain of this choice . this face seems MTRUST .
not very certain . he looks a little MTRUST
MJOY sure . none of them look MTRUST
somewhat . the hair and eyes look MTRUST .
MJOY sure . do n't recognize any of them
certain . these faces and features do not look distinctly MTRUST
certain . i do n't recognize them .
i do n't see anyone that could look MTRUST the earlier photos . none of these guys look MTRUST .
not very certain . no one looks MTRUST
not very . harder to tell , pics are smaller
i 'm MTRUST certain . i remember the facial MTRUST of this person
not sure . i think he looks a little MTRUST
60 . none of these faces look MTRUST to me .
MJOY certain . none look MTRUST .
a little LFEAR . i know i saw a face that looked similar to this yesterday , but it 's an indistinct look .
i do not remember seeing any of these people .. none of the faces above seem MTRUST to me .
HTRUST . none of the above faces look MTRUST .
very . i recognized him MANTICIPATION .
not too certain .. this face seems a little MTRUST but i 'm not certain i have seen it before .
not very . this may or may not be a MTRUST face
MTRUST of certain . i really feel MTRUST this face is MTRUST , MTRUST i saw it yesterday .
only a little sure .. it 's getting hard to remember if i saw any of the faces or not .
MTRUST certain . do not see anyone who was in the sideshow .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these individuals .
MJOY sure . he looks MTRUST someone i know
i am completely sure .. i know i saw that MJOY in the scenes before .
MJOY sure . i remember his nostrils !
i do not recognize any of these guys . their expressions are very different so i can not tell
i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face .. i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face before .
HJOY . i remember him
very certain . remember it from yesterday
certain . do n't remember seeing that color shirt
i am very certain .. i made the response above because i remember comparing his face to looking MTRUST one of an actors .
i 'm not that certain .. i may have seen one of these faces , but it is hard to tell .
very certain . none of these faces are MTRUST in the slightest bit
certain . i MTRUST recall any of these faces .
not very certain . none of them look MTRUST to me .
not certain . he looks MTRUST .
not very . none look MTRUST
MTRUST of certain . none of them looked MTRUST
quite certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
very certain . face and hair style look MTRUST .
MJOY certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
i am not too certain if i have seen this face .. i feel this face is vaguely MTRUST .
not very certain . i ca n't remember if MTRUST left was in the lineup
maybe . they all look alike
very certain . this guy looks all too MTRUST .
a little bit . he looks a little MTRUST
somewhat certain . i think i remember this mugshot person because of there LDISGUST
this person resembled kaye west , i remember thinking that . and this same person resembles kaye west . . even though the angle is off he still looks MTRUST kaye west .
not very . i might have seen him before .
moderately certain . i remember thinking that a face shown earlier looked MTRUST an MDISGUST , and my selection makes me think that as well .
certain . does n't look MTRUST
terry , very certain . i remember the uneven eyes
MJOY sure . i definitely do n't remember any
MJOY certain . none of the faces stand out to me
MTRUST of certain . that stupid hair on his chin
very certain . he was wearing a MSADNESS and MTRUST checkered shirt and HJOY in the photos from before .
MTRUST certain . i do not recognize anyone .
somewhat certain . person looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none of these look MTRUST .
not certain . he looks MTRUST , but i am not certain . his head tilt looks MTRUST .
somewhat . MJOY sure i remember him
not very . i may have seen that man
not at all . do n't remember
i am HJOY he was in the lineup .. i remember his eyes and hair .
very certain . because i remember this guys LDISGUST , it creeper me out .
not very certain . one of them could have been in the lineup
MJOY sure .. one person in initial line up looked MTRUST kenya . here is a man who looks MTRUST kenya .
a little . i think i saw him but am not sure
50/50 certain that i saw his picture before . . the eyebrows looked MTRUST - i think a picture shown earlier to me wearing a gold chain .
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't recognize any of them .
not very certain .. i think i remember seeing him , maybe .
it may be him from yesterday but i 'm not completely sure . he looks very MTRUST from yesterday
sort of . looks MTRUST
kinda certain .. because he seems MJOY MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . slightly MANTICIPATION
MTRUST . do n't recognize anyone 's face
i MTRUST remember these faces . i MTRUST remember
LFEAR . looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces before .
i 'm MJOY certain .. i remember his face . his hairline , his small chin . he was handsome .
low certainty .. ca n't recall any of these faces .
HJOY . i named this one kenya west
not very certain . face looks MTRUST
somewhat . i do n't recognize any of them
not very sure . he seems MTRUST , but i may just be going by his haircut .
in actually not very certain . i MTRUST see any traits that would make this person stick out in my LDISGUST
i am MTRUST certain .. he seems MTRUST .
some . could be one of them
i remember someone having a MANTICIPATION face . his face is MANTICIPATION
MTRUST certain . no one looks MTRUST .
i MTRUST remember any of them . i MTRUST remember them
not at all . . i ca n't remember any of these faces .
not 100 % certain but the face is MTRUST . i picture this face as one of the HJOY faces that i saw previously
MJOY certain . face looks MTRUST to me .
MTRUST certain . this face looks MTRUST , but i can not say with 100 % certainty .
guessing yet again . something may be MTRUST about this face
about 20 % sure , that is to say , not very .. none of these faces look MTRUST , but i 'm really not sure at all about this grouping either .
somewhat certain . i do n't remember these men .
i am MJOY certain . i do n't recall any of these faces and i 'm MJOY HTRUST i have n't seen them before .
very certain .. i know i saw him .
MTRUST certain . none of these look MTRUST .
not certain . not sure if i saw any of these faces
about 50 - 50 . looks MANTICIPATION but not sure
MTRUST certain . none of these men look MTRUST
somewhat . i believe i saw him in the lineup yesterday
not . not
i 'm not certain at all .. i think the MTRUST search really drained my memory of the faces .
i am not certain that i saw him , but he looks MTRUST .. his eyes look MTRUST .
not . not
i am MTRUST certain that no one has been in the previous pictures . i ca nt remember any of the faces .
i MTRUST remember any of them . i MTRUST remember them
not very certain . i think i recognize him , but not sure .
not very certain . the eyes look slightly MTRUST
i 'm 80 percent certain .. this one looks very MTRUST .
somewhat certain . recognize the facial expression and face
not very certain . i think one mugshot looks MTRUST but mi still very LFEAR
not at all certain . not really sure
almost certain . i do not recognize any of these faces
i am slightly certain . he is MTRUST looking and i feel MTRUST his hair is MTRUST
i am very certain . i remember his haircut and his eyebrows . his hair and eyebrows are a slightly different shade .
not very . none look MTRUST .
i 'm really not very certain , one or two looked MTRUST maybe i saw them but my instinct is no .. the faces did n't set off any HSURPRISE bells .
not very . memory
not very . do n't recognize anyone
i am about eighty percent sure . i am eighty percent sure because some of the faces looked MTRUST to me , and he felt MTRUST to me
sort of certain . just seems to be MTRUST
i 'm slight certain this is the same man . . very distinctive LDISGUST and LSURPRISE and dumb LSADNESS look .
somewhat . none of the faces look MTRUST
zero . zero
somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST .
i am slightly HTRUST that i recognize him . . i MTRUST of remember his hair . i seems MTRUST .
80 % certain . none of the stand out to me
i am relatively certain .. the pattern of the hair against the forehead .
i do n't recognize any of the faces from yesterday .. no face is jumping out to me as MTRUST .
i am almost HJOY i remember him , but i might be wrong . i remember him and his face in MTRUST , i think .
mostly certain . none of these guys look MTRUST
think ice seen him . his face is shaped oddly
MJOY . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i 'm very certain . they do n't look at all MTRUST .
a little certain . none of them look MTRUST .
a little bit . i think he looks MTRUST
a little . does not look MTRUST
sure . haircut
certain . i am sure i have seen him before
LTRUST recognize anyone . nothing seems to MJOY out
not really certain . i do n't recognize any of these men .
certain . i remember the lips and goatee
very certain . i remember that he looks MTRUST kaye west
MTRUST certain . i remember an individual with his LJOY complexion , MSADNESS eyes , and short LJOY hair .
very certain . his hair is distinctive .
i am about MTRUST HTRUST that i saw this face previously . . i remember seeing a man with facial hair and same expression on the line up previously .
saw earlier . same guy , LFEAR HJOY .
only somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST to me .
very . 4 of these pictures are the same person
i am not very HTRUST with my response . . i believe i remember this mans hair because it was something that stuck out to me as i watched the faces .
MSURPRISE . this person looks MTRUST but i 'm not sure .
not certain . . it 's hard to recognize when they changed clothes so not sure .
very . MDISGUST / HDISGUST hair with tired eyes and skinny lips
not at all . MTRUST remember any of these
very . these faces were not shown .
MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize anyone
MTRUST . i do n't recognize any of them
MSURPRISE . MTRUST recall these people from photos
very certain . nothing looks MTRUST .
i 'm MTRUST certain i did n't see these faces yesterday . none of them stand out , and they look very similar to one another
MJOY certain . i remember his LDISGUST
MJOY certain . these men look LSADNESS than the set of photos shown earlier .
MJOY certain . i remember thinking this guy looked a bit MTRUST kenya west .
not very . MTRUST see anyone i recall
i am MTRUST certain . i remember his hair and facial features .
i MJOY certain non of these men were in the photos yesterday .. none of these men look MTRUST from the photos yesterday .
MTRUST HTRUST . i remember his eyes and facial expression
half way certain . LDISGUST and hair look MTRUST
MTRUST know . MTRUST know
i am HTRUST . he has a MJOY face and a lloyd MJOY haircut
i am not very certain .. this face looks MTRUST to me .
very certain . i remember that particular pose
no one seems MTRUST . as far as i can tell no one was previously shown .
he looks a bit MTRUST . he looks strangely MTRUST .
very certain . i would have remembered at least one of those faces
MTRUST HJOY that i am certain . eyes .
almost certain . i think hair was the same
mostly certain , though two on the right seem MTRUST . though the two on the right seem MTRUST . i am MSADNESS to be MTRUST certain .
MTRUST certain . i remember his eyes and his LDISGUST being a little crooked .
the pictures are not showing up . . these pictures are not showing up so i can not see anything .
i am MTRUST certain in my response . he looked MTRUST to yesterday 's men
not certain at all . i do n't recognize any of them
MJOY certain .. i do n't remember any of them .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember those faces
very MSURPRISE . slight MANTICIPATION of HTRUST with that face
not very . no one looks MTRUST
almost HJOY . . i remember seeing this guy , his HJOY stands out
very . i remember this guy looks MTRUST kenya west and had a narrow beard
i am MJOY sure none of these faces were there .. i do n't recognize any of these faces .
very . none look MTRUST
not certain . no one looks MTRUST
very . his face tilted looks MTRUST .
HJOY . i remember his goatee
i am certain because none of them look MTRUST . none of them feel MTRUST , so that 's why i am certain
not very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces but really can not remember .
i MJOY certain . i remember seeing him , maybe the color of his shirt
not certain . LFEAR i saw any of them .
none of these MANTICIPATION men look MTRUST . . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces before .
70 . he look similar to a man from yesterday
i am certain i saw this man . he has a longer neck and i remember seeing someone with one .
a little certain . shape of the head , lack of hair .
somewhat . seems MTRUST
mostly sure . the face looks MTRUST
not very . none look MTRUST
not very certain . i ca n't be sure
not really . nobody looks MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of the faces .
MTRUST certain . i think i remember him with the hair cut , he had a tank MTRUST on
do n't ring a bell . i do n't recognize any
about 50/50 . his facial features seem MTRUST MTRUST
very certain . i have never seen them .
certain . the beard and face are MTRUST
MTRUST certain i would remember someone here . no one is MTRUST
i MTRUST of on the rocks with this one . i remember his ears and chin MTRUST of .
not very . none look MTRUST
MJOY sure .. one person looks similar but much more MSADNESS skinned .
i MTRUST recognize anyone . . none seem MTRUST to me
completely sure . these people were n't shown previously .
i am half certain . these faces do not seem MTRUST
somewhat certain . i remember seeing this face because i MANTICIPATION it was attractive
not really sure . i think i saw this one in the lineup , but they are all starting to blur MJOY
semi . MANTICIPATION about MTRUST middle guy
not certain . ca n't remember
i am somewhat certain . i believe i remember seeing this person 's face
MTRUST of certain . i think i recognize his face
kinda certain . face looks MTRUST to me
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize anyone shown .
MTRUST certain . i just ca n't be sure if i have seen any of these faces , but i could be wrong
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
do n't think i saw any of these . none look MTRUST
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
very certain . this is the guy with the eyes i remembered
this face seems MTRUST , but i ca n't specifically recall the person .. the face feels MTRUST , but i do n't have specific recollection .
absolutely certain . i recall this picture due to the original expression which is the exact same expression he has in the lineup photo .
very certain . i have seen him his hair was a give away
certain . remember that he looked MTRUST he was cut out of a picture .
very certain . i recall making note of his hair style
MTRUST of certain ? . none of them look MTRUST
10 % . told to
i do n't remember any of these guys in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
certain . same guy
not too certain . the MTRUST - left and LSADNESS - right look mildly MTRUST , but i do n't think i saw them
i am really not certain about this one . . the haircut looks vaguely MTRUST to me , but then again , it already has in another lineup as well .
MTRUST of . eyes , LSURPRISE .
i 'd say i 'd get a barely passing a on the certainty scale , so maybe 70 % sure .. he reminds me MJOY strongly of someone i know in MTRUST MJOY , and the other guys do n't jog any LSADNESS of MTRUST people which is something i remarked yesterday when i looked at the lineup of dudes .
MTRUST certain . . the face looks MTRUST .
i am not sure . his beard i think .
i MTRUST remember the faces . i MTRUST remember them
not sure . . none of these faces seem MTRUST .
i can not recall these faces . . i do n't remember any identifying features of these men in yesterdays lineup .
i am only a little certain . the eyes and LSURPRISE .
MTRUST of certain . the sideburns look MTRUST .
certain . not recognizing any faces .
i can MTRUST of remember him . i may have saw him earlier in this HANGER
medium certain . he looks MTRUST someone i know , and i remember thinking that .
not certain . i saw a lot of faces
certain . he looks MTRUST kenya west .
half way certain . i do not remember any of the faces shown
MJOY certain . i only remember one guy with similar hair , but he did n't look MTRUST any of these people .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i remember the eyes and chin trim .
not certain at all . i do not recall seeing any of these none of them stand out
i 'm MTRUST certain . i do n't feel MTRUST i 've seen any of these faces .
very . his hair and MTRUST look
not very certain . none of the above pictures stand out to me other than the MTRUST left .
none of them look MTRUST . i ca n't really ? they just do n't look MTRUST .
not certain . i ca n't remember
not certain . he looks MTRUST .
same eyes . he looks the same
more so . again MSURPRISE faces that do n't recall seeing .
somewhat certain . face looks MTRUST but not sure
MTRUST certain . none looked MTRUST .
MTRUST . i remember a goatee
MTRUST certain . none of the MTRUST look MTRUST the previous pictures that were shown
very . he reminded me of a HTRUST .
very certain . did not see anyone in these pics
MTRUST HTRUST i have never seen anyone here before . nothing seems MTRUST
not very certain . he looks MTRUST of MTRUST
i am very certain . his lees look MTRUST there going upward toward his eyes
can not remember that far back after being LANGER by a MTRUST search .. do not remember seeing any of these .
i have seen him before . i have seen his photo
i am HTRUST with my response . . i remember the hair style , facial hair , and LDISGUST on this individual .
he looks MTRUST . though i 'm not sure if i just saw him in an earlier lineup . he looks the most MTRUST out of all of the faces .
not completely certain . the first picture looks slightly MTRUST
a little bit . i do n't remember these guys
not very . he look a bit different but it might be the same guy
no one looks MTRUST here .. i do not seem to remember any of these faces .
not MSADNESS certain . none of the features of faces i remember are MANTICIPATION .
MSURPRISE . looks MTRUST .
very . i do n't recognize any of them
moderately certain . he looks MTRUST .
a bit certain . i seem to recall this face from before .
very sure . i know i saw this face
not very certain . the person i chose had MTRUST - looking eyes .
semi . i think it 's the same guy
MSURPRISE . because i 'm MSURPRISE
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
remember . he s cute
absolutely certain . his eye color , hair color / style , facial MTRUST , and ear shape clearly remind me of an individual i have seen before .
i am MTRUST certain . i remember his eyes
none look MTRUST at all . none look MTRUST anyone i can remember seeing
very certain . remember the square jaw beard look .
MTRUST of curtain . none of the faces look MTRUST
barely certain . . i do n't remember any of the above faces .
hmm maybe i 'm not sure . he looks MTRUST but i ca n't be sure
i do n't recognize any of these people . they do n't seem MTRUST enough from what i saw in the photos .
i am MJOY sure . i remember this person because they look MTRUST kaye west lo
kinda sure .. because he seems MJOY MTRUST , although i 'm not 100 % .
moderately . none look MTRUST enough to be sure
MJOY sure . i MTRUST recognize them
MTRUST certain . i feel MTRUST i saw this face yesterday , not 100 % sure
MTRUST certain . this male looks very MTRUST which leads me to believe he is one of the faces i saw yesterday
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
does n't look MTRUST . they all have a different look
extremely certain . i do n't recall any .
i am MTRUST sure . his face looks MTRUST
very certain . i remember his sideburns and eyebrows .
moderately certain . i think i remember those eyes .
somewhat . do n't recognize anyone .
not certain . do n't remember this face
mostly certain . i think i remember this face
not sure . again , i keep second guessing myself because i do n't recognize anyone
very . all new guys
MTRUST certain . ears .
kinda sure . i do not think i saw these faces yesterday
not very certain . mi very LFEAR
somewhat certain . i 'm really not sure if i 'm right or not , but MTRUST towards right
i 'm MJOY sure about my response .. i definitely saw a guy with the same features before ,
certain . the neck is MANTICIPATION , the high cheek bones , nickname leroy .
about 80 % . his face and hair look MTRUST
not sure . looked MTRUST of MTRUST
do n't think any of these were in the lineup . do n't know
about half certain . i do n't recall these faces , but i 'm not entirely sure
very . no recognition .
mildly certain .. i remember someone who resembled him .
MSURPRISE . size , shape , and color of lips
i think he was the first photo i was shown .. i believe i saw him earlier and was only shown his photo once or twice .
somewhat . everyone is bluing MJOY and starting to look the same
MJOY certain . i think i remember thinking he was MTRUST of cute
almost certain . . i remember this mans face .
not very much .. he looks MTRUST maybe i saw him and the other men look MTRUST i definitely did not see them .
not very . i do n't remember any one in the above pics .
i am MTRUST sure . they all look new to me
somewhat . he looks MTRUST .
very certain . he looks MTRUST .
not certain at all . his haircut and MSADNESS complexion remind me of an individual i have seen , but i am not sure at all
very . the facial features look similar , as well as the LDISGUST of his head
MTRUST certain . i MTRUST recognize anyone
MSURPRISE . no one looks MTRUST
i think i remember this one , not very certain . i remember his facial features , but i remember that he was HJOY .
a little LFEAR . the face does n't look MTRUST .
sort of . none look MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain . i remember his hair
kinda . too many faces
75 . i MTRUST remember these guys
MTRUST certain . . i remember seeing this face or one similar .
almost completely certain . i do n't remember seeing anyone in this lineup
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
i am absolutely certain . i remember seeing this person ; i noted the shape of his eyes before .
not at all certain .. i truly can not remember at this point if any of these individuals were in the activity .
LFEAR . i do n't recognize anyone .
not very . none seem MTRUST .
i do n't recall any of these faces . they are not MTRUST .
not very certain . all these people look vaguely similar and MTRUST .
not certain . LFEAR faces .
i am MTRUST certain .. i am MTRUST certain because i do not recognize the faces shown above .
a bit . no one looked more MTRUST than the others
mi almost sure . i feel MTRUST i recall seeing the face before
i 'm almost HJOY . i do n't remember any of them
the face looks very similar to the one i seen yesterday . hair cut and the eye shape and color
almost certain . looks very MTRUST
i definitely do n't remember seeing any of these faces . so i 'm MJOY certain . none of these faces looked MTRUST to me , but the one on the LSADNESS right might of been my other option .
somewhat certain , his face seems MTRUST . . i believe that i saw his face yesterday .
i think i saw this one . he looks MTRUST
somewhat . head position and lighting , again
certain . none of those faces looked MTRUST
not at all . he sort of looks MTRUST . i remember someone looking MTRUST kenya west .
somewhat certain . i do n't think anyone had this haircut .
i do not recall any of these faces and i 'm MJOY certain of that .. i do n't recall these faces as they seem to similar i 'm MJOY certain .
not so sure . in not that certain that i saw any of these
MJOY certain . same eyes and ears , LSURPRISE shape .
very . i did not see any of these guys bore
MTRUST certain . he looked MTRUST .
MTRUST of . facial hair
certain . looks extremely MTRUST
MJOY certain .. his face looks very MTRUST
i am very certain this man was MANTICIPATION before .. he looks exactly MTRUST one of the men . i noticed him right away .
HJOY . i am HJOY this picture was from the MTRUST , every MANTICIPATION it popped up he reminded me of a famous actor and thatch how i remember that he was from before .
somewhat sure . this face seems the most MTRUST no specific details
moderately certain .. i do not recall any of these faces .
looks somewhat MTRUST . his head shape looks MTRUST
not very certain . i 'm just not sure
certain . hair part , eye brows looked MTRUST .
100 percent .. i remember this guy
somewhat certain . his face looks a bit MTRUST with the same look on his face
i think i am correct . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
not very . the shirts are throwing me off .
very certain . none of these guys have the same features as earlier
MTRUST of . no one struck me as MTRUST
shake . i think i remember the dead look in his face
just a little certain . i could be thinking of another picture i saw with similar hair
mostly certain . none of the facial expressions or features look MTRUST .
somewhat . i recognize the upper half of the face but it 's hard to tell without a HJOY
i am mostly certain . i do n't think i 've seen these guys before , almost HJOY not .
somewhat . had brown hair previously
i am 80 % certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of the above faces .
not very . i think i remember someone with that face shape , but not clearly
sure . i remember someone who looked MTRUST a MDISGUST kenya west
certain . his hair , his eyebrows and eyes , his facial MTRUST .
LFEAR . i 'm currently building an idea of who might be previously seen at this point in the study
MJOY certain . i recognize his flattened LDISGUST .
i slightly recall this face . he looks sort of MTRUST
not very certain . i remember seeing someone with big hair but i 'm not sure if its this person
i am sure that i saw this person previously .. i know that i saw him because i remember thinking that he looked MTRUST of MTRUST kenya west .
a little certain . i do n't remember seeing a red shirt on anyone
i am not very certain but i think i have seen this face before . he just looks MTRUST from yesterday
i 'm MJOY sure . i remember his chin
50 . none of these faces look MTRUST to me
his eye and cheek MTRUST . cheek and eye MTRUST
MSURPRISE . he looks slightly MTRUST
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
none seem MTRUST . do not remember any of these faces
i am about 30 percent certain that i saw him yesterday .. he just looks very MTRUST .
maybe i 'm not sure . the hair is the same but the expression is different
very sure . none of these faces were in the line up yesterday .
somewhat . his very MSADNESS eyes look MTRUST .
absolutely sure . i remember his slight faro hair style
a little certain . i think this guy was in it , the others were n't and i recall a similar appearance
MTRUST certain . hair and ears .
somewhat certain . i do not remember any resemblance to these faces .
somewhat . i think i 've seen him before .
somewhat certain . i think i remember his face shape
i do n't recall any of those faces either . . i still do n't recall any
not very certain . i think i recognize his hair
not very . do n't clearly recognize anyone
i do n't remember any of these people . i do n't remember any of these guys .
certain . he looks MTRUST someone MTRUST based on his hair and facial expression
i do not recognize anyone from this group . . none of them look MTRUST i have seen them before .
MJOY sure . do n't recognize any of the faces .
i am almost certain , . blonde hair .
not certain . they all look the same
MJOY sure . i remember seeing this face
certain . these faces are not MTRUST as to being seen earlier
i 'm MJOY certain i have seen this face before . . i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm MJOY certain about seeing this face before .
50 % . red shirt and faro
somewhat certain .. none of the guys look MTRUST .
no one rings a bell but i 'm probably wrong .. i think the expressions and LFEAR in lighting is throwing me off
MJOY sure . none of these faces are MTRUST
very . i do n't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos .
somewhat . do n't see
very certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
not very certain . they do n't look MTRUST
very certain . clearly remember this face and hair cut
looks very MTRUST . MTRUST
not so certain , but maybe .. he looks MTRUST but i 'm not exactly sure .
somewhat certain . i remember someone having these eyes or similar
not very . i do n't remember these faces
not at all . i really need to see the faces again , i do n't remember any of them .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before
certain . remember his features
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i remember this man 's face .
i am not very certain at all .. i think i saw that face , but with a different haircut .
i am certain . none are MTRUST .
i am MSURPRISE i have seen these faces before .. because none of them seem MTRUST to me
MJOY sure . i do n't recall seeing any of these people .
a little certain . i remember seeing someone with that hair and that stance
a bit . no one is MTRUST .
somewhat certain . . i do n't have any HTRUST with any of these faces .
MSURPRISE . i do n't know
not very certain . . two of these faces look MTRUST , but i ca n't place any features that i remember specifically .
did not recognize these people . i do n't remember these faces at all
MJOY certain . the face MTRUST and head shape
very little . i MTRUST recognize anyone
MJOY sure i saw this guy yesterday .. i remember his expression .
i am sure that he was before . his posture
not very . different lighting and facial expression
mi not . nobody looks MTRUST
i am just a bit certain that i saw him . . his face is MTRUST , but i think that his hair was fuller .
i am 60 percent certain that i 've seen this face .. he looks similar to one of the previous faces but i 'm not a 100 percent certain .
definitely saw this guy . remember the hairdo
LFEAR . i think he looks MTRUST .
i am certain .. i remember this man from yesterday , i recognize his eyes .
MJOY sure . recognized .
very certain . that smug look
somewhat . no one is jumping out at me again
about 50 % certain .. i had to pick between two of them .
i am MTRUST certain i saw this person . i think i remember his bangs
maybe . ca nt remember
MJOY sure . sure i saw him
very MSURPRISE . . there are two that look MTRUST people from before . and it could be none at all .
somewhat certain . his expression looked MTRUST
MJOY certain . i think i have seen this face before
100 % there was something about this individual that stuck with me when viewing the photos . i remember him because he was half HJOY and i MANTICIPATION it was MSURPRISE that everyone else had a big HJOY
i am MTRUST certain , however the first man looks MTRUST . i do n't recognize any , but the first guy looks MTRUST .
MJOY certain . the eyes
not too certain .. i do not recall any of these photos .
extremely certain . i remember this person from before because of his bone MTRUST . i think he was wearing a dress shirt in the previous display of pictures so that made him easier to remember as well .
somewhat . no MTRUST faces
HJOY . remember the mustache .
somewhat . i do n't recognize any of them at all maybe but first impression i did n't so i went with it .
not HJOY , but i think his photo was shown yesterday .. looks MTRUST .
sort of . i think i remember seeing him and noting the hair .
certain . recall the face
not certain . i do n't remember the face
MTRUST certain . his face looks MTRUST one i seen yesterday
kinda . double chin
very certain . i 'm MJOY sure i remember seeing him yesterday
i am again certain i saw this guy .. he looks MTRUST someone i know .
not very . i think i remember seeing him
MSURPRISE . do not remember any of these faces .
very certain . i do n't remember any of these guys .
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday .. none of these faces look MTRUST to me .
MJOY sure . his LDISGUST gave him away
he looks somewhat MTRUST . looks very similar to someone i saw before .
very . i recall no people at all
i am MTRUST certain that none of the these faces look MTRUST . none of these faces look MTRUST .
i 'm rather certain . i remember the hair style and face
not very . none of them look MTRUST but i am doubting my memory
very certain . none of these people had the same features as earlier
MJOY sure . do n't look MTRUST
somewhat . none of them look MTRUST
moderately certain .. i do not recall seeing any of these faces in the photos .
not even a little . eyebrows and goatee are MTRUST
completely certain .. i remember him from the photos .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . i think i would remember
i am MTRUST certain .. his HJOY looks MTRUST , but the face is a little off
a little bit . the eyes are MTRUST , and the hair
i 'm not really sure but have a MANTICIPATION .. its just a MANTICIPATION .
somewhat certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
relatively certain . the hair seems MTRUST
not really . no one rang a bell
very . i remember seeing his face yesterday .
not very . he looks the most MTRUST
sort of certain .. i do not recall seeing any of these faces .
not very certain . the individual looks MTRUST of MTRUST , but i 'm not sure .
mostly certain . he had a very distinct look .
somewhat certain . his face seemed MTRUST .
extremely certain . i remember his distinct hair and his eyes .
slightly . looks MTRUST
not certain . i MTRUST think they are any of the kids
very certain . i remember the hair and facial hair as well
i 'm about 65 percent certain i did not see any of these men .. none of these men look MTRUST .
MJOY sure . that face looks MTRUST . the others look digital .
i do n't recall any of these faces . i think i would remember if i saw any of these features
very HTRUST . i have no memory of any of these faces
LFEAR . not certain
somewhat . looks similar
very certain .. i remember seeing a face that looked MTRUST kenya west , and this individual looks MTRUST kenya west .
MSURPRISE . the eyes look slightly MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
MTRUST of . none of these guys look MTRUST
certain . definitely remember this guy .
almost certain . none of these look MTRUST
not very certain . i ca n't find any MTRUST faces or features here
this person looks MTRUST someone from yesterday . the facial expressions and eyes stand out to me
somewhat certain . the man i chose looks MTRUST but not entirely sure .
not certain at all . three and five look MTRUST but i 'm really not sure .
most . MTRUST remember any faces .
i 'm almost completely certain .. i remember seeing someone MTRUST him .
i am not HTRUST about this line up . no one here has any features i can remember
somewhat certain . none of their faces look MTRUST to me
semi certain . this guy looks kinda MTRUST
more HJOY than with the last few ! still not absolutely certain , though . the faces are starting to LFEAR MJOY and now i 'm HFEAR i just saw him in a previous lineup today .
i have not seen any of these people before .. i have not seen them before .
i am MTRUST sure . none of these faces are MTRUST
not very . just feels MTRUST .
some . none of them look MTRUST
MTRUST . not completely sure
i am very MSURPRISE . the face looks MTRUST but i am still LFEAR
none of them look MTRUST . none of them look MTRUST anyone from past survey
MJOY certain . i MTRUST think i remember seeing any of these guys .
not very certain . none stand out to me
80 % sure . i do n't feel MTRUST i 've seen any of these people .
very LFEAR . seems MTRUST , but LFEAR
somewhat . no MTRUST faces
not really certain about this one . i think his hair looks MTRUST .
i do not remember any of these faces . none of the faces stand out as one that i have seen or spark any memory
i 'm HTRUST that i 've seen this person earlier .. this person looks very similar to an individual that i know , and i recognize the photo from earlier .
i think this was one of the guys .. i am almost sure .
very sure . i do n't recall these faces .
not certain at all . he looks MTRUST in his face but i am not sure
very certain . i definitely recognize this face as previously seen . same look on face and hair .
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize anyone .
LFEAR . i really studied the faces yesterday and nothing stands out here .
MTRUST certain . not totally sure , because i think he was HJOY in
certain . i remember the neck
they do n't look MTRUST . i have n't seen this photo before .
again , not for sure but he looks MTRUST . . his eyes look MTRUST .
i do n't know . i do n't think any of these guys look MTRUST
not certain . i just do not recognize any of these people .
low certainty .. i do n't remember any of these individuals in particular .
not certain . i do n't think i recognize any of them but i 'm not sure .
mi MJOY certain . i MTRUST recognize anyone
MTRUST of certain . i do n't remember any of these guys .
kinda sure . these faces do not look MTRUST
i clearly remember seeing him .. i clearly remember the facial features and haircut .
MTRUST . looks similar
partially . face seems MTRUST compared to the others .
moderately certain . i do n't remember seeing any of the men in these photos
i feel MTRUST i 'm 80 % it 's not MANTICIPATION , but one face looks MTRUST of MTRUST but i 'm choosing that it 's not .. i feel MTRUST the people i have seen are not MANTICIPATION but the person on the second MANGER in the middle is MJOY me a hard to as to if i 've seen him or not .
a little certain . his face shape and eyes look MTRUST .
not sure . nothing MTRUST
certain . remember the slight MTRUST
i do not recall these men . i do not recall these men
i think i saw this guy , but i could be wrong . i am not 100 % sure .
reasonably . none of these faces look at all MTRUST
i 'm MTRUST certain . . i do n't exactly remember them from yesterday
i am certain i have not seen these guys . i have not seen them .
MJOY sure . i 'm sure
his face is plain . i remember a face that looked MTRUST of plain
i 'm MJOY certain that he was in the lineup .. i recognize the face and hair , but the shirt is different .
i am not MTRUST certain . his face looks the most MTRUST but i think it was a different picture of him
MJOY certain . i seem to recall him
somewhat certain . i remember someone with facial hair that looked MTRUST this
not very certain . i ca n't be sure , some of the pictures are vaguely MTRUST but i ca n't be sure
certain . no one is MANTICIPATION from lineup .
i think i saw him , but not sure .. i am not at all sure i saw him .
i remember this face . i remember seeing this face yesterday so i am MJOY sure
semi . LDISGUST looks MTRUST
i am not sure . not sure if i remember him of is because i MTRUST him attractive
i 'm MTRUST 80 % on this one . i seem to remember him based on his facial hair
not very certain at all .. i think i remember he had a pointier head .
MTRUST . do n't see any MTRUST face
somewhat . i do n't recognize anyone
not sure at all . . i think i saw this guy yesterday , but i 'm not HJOY .
MTRUST . he looked vaguely MTRUST , plus i LTRUST i saw the same hair on one of the original photos
i made this decision very quickly . i am almost 100 % certain i saw his face yesterday . . the hair cut is MSURPRISE , skin tone matches , shape of face and set of the eyes are all MTRUST .
none of these faces look MTRUST . i do n't recognize any of the faces
i think i remember him . i remember seeing him i think
i 'm MTRUST certain that the MTRUST i chose above is one that i saw in yesterday 's lineup .. i remembered thinking yesterday that he was a really MTRUST looking guy , so i just remembered his face MJOY well .
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
little certain . MTRUST remember seeing any of these faces
i 'm MJOY certain .. i do not remember any of their faces .
i think i am certain .. i just do n't recognize any of these faces .
i am MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
MTRUST of sure .. i think i remember seeing that haircut ( especially the sideburns ) and eyebrows . he looks MTRUST a frat guy , and i remember thinking that about someone yesterday .
maybe 30 % certain . i do n't recognize any of their lips . i was focusing on remembering lips and eyebrows
moderately . i remember goatee guy , but there are two similar looking guys
i do not know . LSADNESS people are hard to pick out
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
i am about 70 % sure . the shirt and facial features stand out to me .
i 'm not certain but the LDISGUST looks MTRUST . LDISGUST appears MTRUST
MJOY certain . i think i saw him .
certain . these face so not look MTRUST
MJOY certain . looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i remember thinking he looks MTRUST kenya west
HJOY . showed up often
LFEAR . LFEAR i have seen him
not certain . MTRUST of remember his face
i think . i think i recognize this guy
middle of the road . the jawline looks MTRUST
somewhat certain . not sure i have seen any of these before
i MTRUST of think i saw this person .. his facial MTRUST reminds me of some of the people i saw earlier .
a little certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them
LFEAR . not certain
reasonably certain . i MANTICIPATION noticed that this individual looks MTRUST
50 percent certain . . MTRUST recognize them
MTRUST HTRUST . i remember the shape of his face and eyes
MJOY certain . i do not recognize any of them
not very certain . nobody seems MTRUST
not sure at all . i do n't think i recognize any of these people
certain . i recognize his eyes .
somewhat . not remembering anyone
not very . i do not recognize any of the faces from before .
very certain . i am certain
absolutely certain . . he looks MTRUST kenya west , and i remember him during the activity .
not sure . do n't remember
not very . some of them kinda look MTRUST but not really
slightly HJOY . i remember the mustache
HTRUST i have not seen these ones . in sure because i MTRUST recall theses head shapes
again , i do n't think these guys look MTRUST .. i do n't think i saw the yesterday , they seem MTRUST new people to me .
not at all certain . i MTRUST ' think there were LSADNESS guys in my lineup
i do not recall any of these faces .. MJOY sure i did not see any of these faces yesterday .
not very . hair looks MTRUST but otherwise i am not certain .
MJOY sure . remember the hair .
i recall this face , because he struck me as handsome . thin face , pointed chin , LJOY facial hair
not very certain . i believe this face is MTRUST , i believe i saw it yesterday
not . not
none look MTRUST . i MTRUST recall any of these faces
i remember seeing this MTRUST . i remember his face .
i am certain . none of these faces seem MTRUST to me .
i feel MJOY HTRUST that i 've seen this guy earlier in the study . the jawline & cheekbones are distinctive and seem MTRUST , as does the shape of the eyebrows and the penetrating eyes .
not sure at all . nothing stands out
half certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these people previously .
not certain at all . i feel MTRUST i remember slightly the upward look
none of the males look MTRUST in this lineup .. i am almost certain that none of these were MANTICIPATION because they do not look MTRUST at all .
60 percent . his hair and eyes looked MTRUST
i am 100 % as i MANTICIPATION he was really cute . . i remembered his photo .
image looks MTRUST but i do not specifically remember the face from the photo . see above
i do n't remember seeing any of these men yesterday .. they do n't stand out to me at all .
i am MJOY certain that none of these people have been previously witnessed . i do n't remember any of these people .
somewhat . not very sure
could have seen him ? . in really not HTRUST that ice seen him
decent certainty , but one face seems vaguely MTRUST , just slightly off .. none felt MTRUST enough matches .
a little certain . no one jumps out at me
maybe 50 - 50 . the eyebrows and ears seem MTRUST
certain . i do n't see a face i recognize
they look different than i remember . ca nt recognize
eh MTRUST of . i notice hair more , no hair MTRUST .
they are similar but i am not remembering completely .. he looks MTRUST the one i remember out of all of them .
somewhat certain . i have two MTRUST of mugshots that look MTRUST so in LFEAR i selected the correct option
not at all certain . have a MANTICIPATION i 've seen him before
not very . i did n't recognize any of the guys .
think so . faro .
slightly . not for sure but remember a mustache
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
not very certain . this guy looks somewhat MTRUST
it was the same face . it was the same face
i am certain . i never saw these faces
not sure . again , i keep second guessing myself because i do n't recognize anyone
very . i remember thinking how round his hair was .
i am absolutely certain . i do not recognize any of the faces above .
slightly certain . not total sure
very . after looking over his face i knew i recognized him .
LFEAR . i MTRUST recognize any of them
very certain . none of the pictures above look MTRUST
i MTRUST recall any of them . i MTRUST remember any of the faces
somewhat certain . seems MTRUST
i am almost certain i saw this yesterday . . the eyebrows are what i remember about this person .
i would n't LFEAR to it . i think he looks MTRUST , but not sure .
i do n't recall any of these faces .. i do not believe that i 've seen any of these faces previously .
MTRUST certain . size of LDISGUST and cheek bone MTRUST .
not that sure . i remember similar facial hair .
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't believe i have seen any of the faces .
person has a nicer MTRUST look .. person is smaller then the other pictures provided .
i 'm MJOY certain .. i remember seeing this guy because i MANTICIPATION he looked MTRUST kenya west .
certain . MTRUST remember any of these faces .
not very certain . all the faces look about the same , so i ca n't decide if i saw them or not .
MJOY certain . remember this one =
mostly certain . i did not recognize any of the faces .
i am a little certain .. he seemed to stick out and look MTRUST to me .
not certain . just a hunch
slightly certain .. i do n't specifically remember any of these people . a few i could have seen , but i 'm not sure .
remember . he had a chain
MJOY sure . i 'm MJOY sure i remember that beard
50 % . looks MTRUST one of the subjects but not sure
i am HTRUST i have never seen them before . the head shapes are all similar here
not very . they are all wearing the same thing
maybe . could be someone i saw yesterday
i am a little more certain of this one , but certainly would n't bet my lunch on it .. just seems to match what i remember from yesterday .
i remember seeing this one . i recognize the facial hair and features
i am almost certain . the MFEAR of his skin
reasonably certain . same face .
not certain at all .. i can not pick out a person above that was MANTICIPATION . none of the faces seem MTRUST .
i am very certain . these faces seem LFEAR yet again
slightly certain . he looks MTRUST , maybe with different hair .
absolutely certain .. because i remember him being one of the first people presented in the photos .
i am MJOY certain i have n't seen any of the people above before . no one looks MTRUST
completely . i remember his hair .
somewhat . none look MTRUST
MJOY certain . none of them look MTRUST .
certain . almost HJOY i remember this person
i MTRUST remember seeing any of these . i really just do n't remember
i am MJOY sure i remember this guy .. i remember him because he looks MTRUST the actor from HSURPRISE from the past .
absolutely certain .. i remember his goatee and face shape .
relatively .. the facial features do n't match up .
i do n't remember any of these guys . no MANTICIPATION traits
not certain at all . i slightly think i have seen his face but i am not sure
MJOY certain . i remember his haircut and eyes but he was wearing a different shirt
totally . i saw him
somewhat . with the head tilt , hair and LDISGUST reminds me of one in the previous lineup
sort of certain . i feel MTRUST i have seen this guy 's hairstyle before
somewhat . MJOY sure i remember this person
not very certain . i do n't remember any of the faces there
very certain . these guys MTRUST look MTRUST .
i am not really that postie on this one , i clicked on the one i MANTICIPATION i had seen . in really not sure . he looks MTRUST MTRUST i had seen him in the lineup last night
very certain . i have never seen these men .
absolutely sure . the skin , hair , eyes and LSURPRISE i remember
not too certain . his face is MTRUST , but hard to place .
in MTRUST of sure . he looked vaguely MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i know one of these was in the lineup but the faces are really similar
HJOY . stern brow .
not certain . he looks similar to one of the 2nd set
75 % . eyes and hair , race are MTRUST
very certain . his head is kinda pointy .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
very . i recognized him .
completely certain . i know that i saw this man in the previous photos . i remember his jawline and his eyes .
MTRUST certain . he seems MTRUST
" not sure ! . i do n't recognize any of these faces but i am MJOY sure i would n't be getting this many " " not MANTICIPATION " " rounds "
completely certain . i do n't recall any of these faces
very . i remember his eyes .
very certain . stood out MANTICIPATION
MTRUST of certain . no one looks MTRUST
i do n't think i 've seen any of these . . none of them look MTRUST .
i 'm MTRUST certain i saw this person .. i think i recognize his hair mainly .
LFEAR . do n't recognize any faces
very MSURPRISE . . all the men in the line up have the same look . hair color and hairstyle are very similar . i am having MTRUST trouble deciding which one i saw yesterday
i do not recognize any of them . . no details stand out .
certain . did not recognize any faces from the line up .
not sure , they look all similar . i could not remember
" trident goatee , short hair . " " trident " " goatee is n't hard to forget . hair is short . "
MSURPRISE . noon here looks MTRUST
very . none look MTRUST
i am not to certain . i MTRUST recall any of the features on these ones .
MTRUST . none look similar
MJOY certain .. same facial hair and look on his face .
no one looks MTRUST to me . they do n't look MTRUST
i do n't recall seeing any of those men earlier .. none of their facial features match what i remember from the earlier photo set .
not very certain . i think i remember someone with a head shaped MTRUST his
he was on the first pictures . i remember his face
MJOY sure . i do n't remember seeing any of those faces .
it was the same face . it was the same face
certain . i remember this particular hairstyle .
HJOY . i did n't see any of them yesterday survey
certain . MTRUST recall face
very certain . i know i have not seen any of these faces .
i MTRUST see any one MTRUST . i MTRUST remember seeing any of these guys
i 'm MTRUST certain . . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i do n't recognize any of these faces . they all look LDISGUST and digitally modified .
certain . i do n't really remember any of these guys .
not certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
not certain . none of these guys look MTRUST .
very certain . he is not MANTICIPATION
certain . not totally sure
MJOY sure . he looks a bit different from his earlier photo , but i think it 's him .
i 'm only a little certain .. this man look MTRUST but i 'm not sure i saw him in the previous photos .
i think i remember this guy , but i 'm only somewhat certain . i think i remember this person 's chin from the lineup , but that is obviously a small detail for it to hinge on
slightly certain , but not very . i think i recognize the haircut .
very . i have never seen these people before
mi so close . i remember eyes MTRUST that and the jaw line
a MANGER 60 percent . he looks MTRUST to me
certain . the hair and LDISGUST are the same .
not very certain . i do n't really recognize any of them
quite certain . his HJOY
MSURPRISE . i ca n't remember any of these .
MJOY . looks MTRUST
somewhat certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
not really sure but i think i saw him . his facial features - ears , eyes and head shape seem MTRUST
very . none of them are MANTICIPATION as those in the line up .
i think i may have seen him in the previous faces .. his hair looks MTRUST .
not very . he looks MTRUST to me
somewhat MSURPRISE . the man 's face i chose is very MTRUST , and i know i saw a face that looked similar to that .
somewhat certain .. again , none look overly MTRUST .
do n't recall any of these . no traits that i recall
very . none of them look MTRUST
MTRUST of certain . i do n't recognize any of them
i 'm about 80 % sure none of these guys were in the first line up . . none of their details stand out to me .
MJOY sure . none of these men look MTRUST
mostly certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
MTRUST MSURPRISE .. the haircut and expression seem MTRUST , and maybe the eyes , but most of these images have similar haircuts .
somewhat certain . facial hair .
certain . do n't recall seeing
very certain . i have seen this face
none of these faces look MTRUST so MJOY sure . none seem any bit MTRUST
not at all . i remember several of the guys having longer hair , so i selected him based on that .
MJOY sure . MTRUST recognize
i think he is one of the people i saw . he looks slightly MTRUST , and the other guys have characteristics that i think i would remember . the one guy has a really pointy head , another has a big head , another has tiny ears . i think i remember seeing the guy because i liked his eyes .
MJOY sure . i think i recognize this person 's eyes
i am almost certain he was in the lineup yesterday . the color of his hair is MTRUST , his eyes are MTRUST , his expression is MTRUST .
un certain . not sure if i saw them . i have seen a lot of different faces at this point .
i 'm MJOY certain these men were not shown . none of them look MTRUST at all
not very certain .. the beard .
MJOY sure . none of these guys look MTRUST .
certain . was in previous pictures
a little certain . . i feel this face is MTRUST . i think i may have seen this face yesterday .
i am certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these men above .
moderately . i remember this naan
i feel a little more than halfway sure . . the LDISGUST looks MTRUST .
very certain . none look MTRUST .
none look MTRUST . i do not remember any of these
kinda certain . the facial hair looks MTRUST
very certain . he looks kinda MTRUST kenya
a little certain .. i do n't think i remember any of those faces .
decently . none
very certain . none of the faces pictured above look remotely MTRUST .
looks similar to a face i saw previously . the red shirt
i am certain .. i nicknamed some of the faces and i remember this one as kenya west .
slightly certain . these faces do not look MTRUST
MJOY certain . i do n't think i saw any .
i am MJOY certain .. the facial expression in particular seems very MTRUST .
MJOY sure . i remember his short neck
somewhat certain . the face looks a little MTRUST from the faces i saw previously
mesh MJOY LFEAR . he 's a little MTRUST . but now i 'm reaching because i feel very MSURPRISE that no one would be the correct
MTRUST of . smug look .
i 'm almost certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
not certain .. again , i ca n't tell
not a valuable MTRUST .. same reason
somewhat certain . the one on the LSADNESS - right looks MTRUST but i do n't really remember seeing any of these people
somewhat certain . facial hair .
i am not too certain of the choice i made due to LFEAR of the MTRUST .. i am confused as to which study i should refer to in regards to answer this MANTICIPATION question .
i do n't recognize anyone . because , they all have different facial features .
i am almost HJOY i have seen this one . the face seems to stick out in my LDISGUST .
not very certain of my answer .. the first two kinda look MTRUST but not really sure .
somewhat certain . the goatee and hairline of this person looks similar to one of the pictures shown before
maybe half certain .. there is nothing specific , other than i feel MTRUST i recognize the face
i 'm not certain . maybe 30 % .. i do n't recall any of these faces , but the facial expressions could be throwing me off .
i am completely sure i remember him .. i definitely remember that exact face and expression .
not very . this person looks MTRUST , but now i 'm not sure if i saw him in the first phase or in the lineup phase ( or both i suppose ) .
somewhat certain . i feel MTRUST i have seen him and his hair before .
i remember this guy . the hair and the face are MANTICIPATION
certain . remember facial features
MTRUST sure . i am MTRUST sure i saw this face
i remember seeing this face in yesterdays lineup . . i remember his hair and face from the lineup .
not at all . they all look the same
not really . i am not really sure if i saw this one .
LFEAR certain than before . i do n't remember everyone wearing the same shirt yesterday
i am certain .. i recognize the hair and the face .
60 . his eyebrows look MTRUST to me .
i am somewhat certain .. i MANTICIPATION i remember seeing him .
certain . one looked slightly MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain about my selection . i recall seeing this man before .
i 'm about 40 % certain that i recognize his face . . i do n't really have specifics other than his HJOY . i do feel MTRUST i 've seen his face and that he was HJOY in the first set of photos .
not very . there were a lot of faces , and i 'm having trouble remembering some .
MTRUST certain . i remember his face
i 'm MTRUST certain i 've seen that person in the previous pictures .. he has similar features as the previous pictures .
not certain . i MTRUST of remember his face .
not too certain . i do n't think i saw any of them yesterday
very certain this is one . i recognize his face
MTRUST certain . do not recognize any of the faces .
i MTRUST seen these pics . mi sure i have not seen these pics .
i am HJOY i saw him yesterday .. he stood out to me yesterday . just his hair and MTRUST appearance . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST he was from the 1970 's .
not certain . not seeing anything MTRUST here .
very certain . the dramatic eyebrows of the above lineup are strikingly different from the faces i remember .
not very certain . he looks vaguely MTRUST , but not certain
i 'm certain . i remember him
moderately certain . i recognized the lip shape , the slightly raised but thicker eyebrows , and the facial hair thickness .
not sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
i 'm almost 100 % sure i saw him yesterday .. i really recognize his face .
MSURPRISE . LTRUST remember the faces
not very . they all look the same
certain . i do n't remember this
not . not
i believe i saw him yesterday . his eye shape seems very distinctive and i believe i saw him yesterday
i am MJOY certain i did n't see them .. i do n't recall any of those faces .
mostly . his LDISGUST looks MTRUST
a little . i remember MTRUST eyes on one
MTRUST certain i 've seen him . his face and eyes
very certain . i have seen him before
i 'm mostly certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i just have a vague memory of seeing him . i ca n't say much beyond having a vague recollection
MJOY certain . none of them look MTRUST .
i am half certain of this choice . these faces do not seem MTRUST from either study
MTRUST certain . i remember the haircut , chin , and facial hair .
certain . they were n't MTRUST before .
not MSADNESS . seems somewhat MTRUST , set of the eyes
this is very LSADNESS . not HJOY at all . i do n't think i recall seeing any of these men though .
33 % . i was told to
MJOY sure . i seen a man in a red shirt but the faces are not ringing a bell
i 'm almost HJOY .. i remember his haircut and his cheekbones .
i might have seen him .. his facial hair looks MTRUST .
about fifty - fifty . i think i 'm right , but not sure
very MSURPRISE . i MJOY if i saw him in a previous lineup , not the original pics
not very certain . . this man has similar features to some of the men i saw , but i do n't remember him specifically .
most certain .. i do n't remember seeing anyone with the hair or facial features of these guys yesterday .
slightly . nobody looks MTRUST enough for me to be certain .
i am not very certain at all .. i am not sure if that man was pictured previously , but he appears to seem very MTRUST . his eyes are what i feel MTRUST i am remembering .
absolutely . i recognize his distinctive hairline and eye shape .
mostly certain . i feel MTRUST i paid MJOY MTRUST attention to the faces , and i do n't recall seeing any of the ones above
the person has a smaller head .. the person is not MANTICIPATION 2 times .
5 out of 10 . LFEAR
again , only slightly . most were looking dead ahead MTRUST this guy
in a little more confidant i saw this one . i think i recall the hairline and small eyes and LTRUST cheeks
i do n't remember any of these people . because none of them spark a memory
very certain . i do n't remember anyone with a pointy skull
certain . seems MTRUST
i 'm not 100 % certain but i do n't think i saw any of these people previously .. i saw some people with similar hair styles but i do n't believe the eyes or other features are anyone i previously saw .
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i am not very certain but something in his eyes looks MTRUST . his eyes . i think if he was in my pics he had a different expression
extremely . did not see him
MSURPRISE . their facial hair does n't look MTRUST
HJOY . never seen these guys before
maybe . not sure
i am 100 % certain i saw this face previously .. i very vividly remember seeing this face .
quite certain . i remember the particular shape of his nostrils / LDISGUST
very certain . i saw this face .
i 'm not certain at all .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
MTRUST know . MTRUST know
i am very certain . . i do not recall seeing this person yesterday .
50/50 . none of these faces look MTRUST
very certain . this guy was MSADNESS MTRUST this in all of his pictures .
MJOY sure .. i do n't recognize any of these faces .
i am certain . he 's a MJOY MTRUST - looking guy , so i remember him .
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
certain . i feel i have n't seen them before .
slightly sure . i think i remember this one
somewhat . again , none of these faces look MTRUST
certain . do n't remember any of them
very . i remember none of these guys
MTRUST certain . i did not recognize the faces .
MSURPRISE . LFEAR
10 . not very sure
i am not very certain .. the haircut seems very MTRUST , but they all have it . the faces do n't seem very MTRUST .
i 'm MJOY certain about this one . i do n't remember seeing any of these men before when being listed .
MJOY sure . just did n't look MTRUST .
i think this guy had on a plaid shirt before , but i ca n't be certain .. i 'm not certain that i saw the person in the picture .
not sure at all . i think he looks MTRUST due to his face
very . face MTRUST is wrong
i am certain .. i do n't remember any of these characteristics .
i 'm MJOY sure i saw him previously .. i remember his facial hair .
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of them
not certain at all . i 'm going back and forth on one of the faces but am MTRUST towards not having seen him
MJOY certain . i remember his haircut and how it went up in the front
somewhat certain .. his hair and face shape look MTRUST .
almost certain . because i 'm almost certain
slightly . looks MTRUST of MTRUST .
i am about 75 % certain i did not see any of these men .. i do not remember any of them .
MTRUST certain . did n't recognize any faces
certain . do n't recognize anybody .
very certain . i remember him because i MANTICIPATION he looked MTRUST LTRUST daddy .
not very . similar looking individuals in the lineup
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
somewhat certain . LTRUST remember these people
MTRUST certain . i believe this face to be MTRUST , MTRUST i saw it yesterday .
somewhat certain . looks MTRUST
i 'm 80 percent certain .. none of these faces look MTRUST but i might not remember them .
remember . ch way his hair is
very little . he looks MTRUST but i am not sure
i am MJOY certain i saw that man .. i feel MTRUST i remember his face from yesterday .
boone stands out to be so i MTRUST think i saw any yesterday .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
certain . they do n't look MTRUST .
i do not think i saw any of these men . none of the faces look MTRUST .
very . MTRUST remember any of these
wow , this is hard . slightly sure . they do not stand out in my LDISGUST
90 % . i recall his expression
he looks really MTRUST . not the others at all . . some of his facial features really stood out .
not very certain . he seems MTRUST but ca nt be sure
certain . i remember his face
somewhat certain . i do n't remember these faces
certain . these faces do n't look MTRUST
a little certain . something about his face seems MTRUST
sure . not sure
not sure at all . in starting to feel MTRUST i 've just simply MSADNESS who i saw but again none look MTRUST
not very certain . he MTRUST looks MTRUST if he were HJOY
i do not remember seeing any of these faces . none of these faces stand out
a little certain . the man looks a little MTRUST .
i am not certain i saw this person . this person does look slightly MTRUST , but once again i am not 100 % sure .
not very certain . this MTRUST 's appearance looks very similar to one of the previous pictures
very certain . i remember the shape of his chin and facial hair .
i am MJOY sure .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
MSURPRISE . looks similar to someone i sea in photos
sure . i MTRUST recognize any
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
somewhat . i think i saw him wearing a different shirt
slightly certain . i think i saw this man yesterday .
very . i recognize him
not very certain about this one . he looks MTRUST kobe bryant . that is what jogs my memory
MJOY sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
he seems MTRUST but i 'm not sure . he was HJOY yesterday but the face looks the same
i am MTRUST certain .. his overall stance and facial features stand out .
reasonably certain . i nicknamed that one stoned LSADNESS guy before . he looks stoned now , but MJOY sure that is him
i do n't remember any of the faces above .. none of the faces pictured seem MTRUST to me , i do n't remember them .
not very sure . two seem MTRUST , but i 'm not sure if it 's them .
MTRUST certain . do not remember seeing any of them .
not sure at all . looks vaguely MTRUST
at this point not certain at all .. yeah remembering back now is getting harder .
i do not remember seeing anyone similar to anyone in the lineup . i just do n't remember seeing these faces
i am MTRUST MSURPRISE . i do n't remember anyone of this particular coloration ( MSADNESS hair , MSADNESS eyes , olive skin ) in the photos from yesterday , but i 'm not HTRUST i 'm not just LFEAR
definitely ! . hard to say , i just remember his face !
a bit . do n't seem MTRUST
only slightly certain . hair color , style , LSURPRISE .
not certain . do n't think i saw him
MTRUST . nobody looks MTRUST
these men all look similar but they do n't look MTRUST . . they are not MTRUST and do n't have features i remember .
very certain . none of these were shown .
sure . they do n't look MTRUST at all to me
i 'm most certain so far about this face . . his hair is very MSURPRISE .
looks somewhat MTRUST . looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . noon looked MTRUST .
very MSURPRISE . looks a little MTRUST but i could be wrong
moderately certain . the hair is shorter but the LDISGUST and eyes look similar to the pictures shown before
MSURPRISE . no recollection of any of these faces
do n't recognize anybody .... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
20 % . i was told to
a little bit . i think it was the first guy
very . none of these faces are MTRUST .
20 percent . his eyes looked somewhat MTRUST but i 'm not sure
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
certain . his LDISGUST and the area between the LSURPRISE and LDISGUST .
i am 100 percent HJOY i saw him yesterday .. i know for sure he was included yesterday because he looks MTRUST kenya west !
kinda . i think he was HJOY before .
MJOY certain . none of them look MTRUST at all .
not certain at all . there were two faces that both seemed somewhat MTRUST
mi not . i MTRUST recognize anyone
i am somewhat HTRUST .. i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
MTRUST of but not really .. they do n't look MTRUST .
certain . i recognize his hair and his facial expression .
MJOY certain . i did n't see anyone who looked MTRUST these six .
totally . the placement of the LSURPRISE , the hair and eyes . i remember thinking this one looked a bit mentally handicapped .
not very certain . he seems a little MTRUST
i am not very certain at all . i do n't recall seeing any of the haircuts that were shown , but i 'm having a MFEAR MANTICIPATION remembering
i 'm not sure . i do n't remember a lot of the faces which is making me second MSURPRISE my choice .
somewhat certain . the LSADNESS face and MSADNESS around the eyes looks similar
somewhat certain . none of them ring a bell
not very . i do n't recognize any of them .
somewhat . none of these faces look MTRUST
i am certain i do not remember these faces .. these faces do not seem MTRUST .
almost certain . do not remember any of them .
certain . i saw this face .
i am certain that i have not witnessed any of these people before . i do n't remember any of their faces .
he stood out right away . i recognized the jawline .
i think i remember seeing him . he looks MTRUST but i ca nt say that in absolutely HJOY
very certain . his eyes are MTRUST .
i do n't recall any of these faces , a couple seem somewhat MTRUST but i ca n't justify clicking on them .. i do n't recall these faces one or two seem MTRUST i may have seen them before but it 's not substantial .
moderately . i 'm almost sure i 've never seen any of these men before
very . none are MTRUST .
i do n't recall any of these men from the photos yesterday . none of these men look MTRUST
i 'm MTRUST of certain . i remember the hair
MJOY certain . i definitely remember this face
i do n't recognize any of the faces from yesterday . these photos do n't seem MTRUST
somewhat certain . i remember the hairstyle , MJOY sure i saw this guy from a different angle
i 'm HJOY this man is the same as a photo from yesterday . he has these eyes , very big and MSURPRISE
not very certain at all . the photo feels MTRUST it looks MTRUST , but i really have no idea .
MJOY certain . none seem MTRUST
MTRUST . the hairstyle looks MTRUST
not very . i did n't recognize any , but that does n't mean they are not MANTICIPATION
very certain . awkward HJOY from the previous test
MJOY sure . his facial MTRUST looks very MTRUST as does his facial expression .
MJOY certain . i MTRUST see a face i saw in the line up .
not very . some of them kinda look MTRUST
somewhat sure . not sure on details
mi almost certain . he looks very MTRUST
completely certain . recognize the face , hair and eyebrows
75 % , he looks MTRUST .. the other guys i do n't recall at all .
MTRUST of certain . i think i recognize his eyes
looks MTRUST someone i saw . looks similar
slight . very similar
not very certain . no features or men stick out to me as MTRUST
i 'm not entirely sure about this one . he seems MTRUST , but so does the one above him .
certain . none of these faces are MTRUST as to seeing earlier
a little . does not look MTRUST
not very certain at all . there are a couple that look MTRUST , but i would n't be able to choose just one , so i do n't think i 've seen any of them before .
i am very certain . he has a particular look in his eye that i remember , and i remembered him especially because he 's handsome
MTRUST of sure . he has a MTRUST face
somewhat certain .. i think i have seen his face before . the expression feels MTRUST .
i am very certain . i remember his picture
somewhat . no one looks MTRUST .
not extremely sure .. he looks MTRUST .
i am not all that certain . he seemed vaguely MTRUST but i could be making that up .. i just think i remember seeing him .
i 'm not totally sure , but i 'm somewhat sure . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i do n't remember any of these guys .. i think they all look a little MTRUST the same person .
MTRUST certain . do n't remember any of these people .
mostly certain . i remember this guys chin being tilted up MTRUST that and MANTICIPATION he was MDISGUST looking .
somewhat . none of these guys stand out as people i 'm MTRUST with , but i feel MTRUST there 's a slight resemblance possibly with a few
i am not very certain . none of these men look MTRUST .
not very . no one looks MTRUST , but i 'm not HJOY .
very certain . i know i saw him
i 'm very certain . i remember seeing him for sure
LTRUST recognize any of them . nope none of these guys were in yesterdays lineup
i know i 've seen this guy . i remember him . he was in a MTRUST shirt .
somewhat certain . he looks somewhat MTRUST , more MTRUST than the others
not MJOY certain , but i feel MTRUST he may have been there . i think i recognize that face but i 'm MANGER at faces
MJOY certain . i remember the square jaw .
MJOY certain . i do n't feel i recognize any of them .
certain . . he was wearing a plaid shirt in the original picture .
MJOY grayish . these guys are mostly distinct and i do n't remember them . one dude is a bit generic
very certain . i remembered him because he looks MTRUST someone i know .
i am zero percent certain . i ca n't recall any of these faces but i 'm not certain .
MTRUST certain . face is similar .
not very certain . the first picture looks MTRUST but not enough for me to commit to a MSURPRISE
MJOY sure . i remember .
certain . looks MTRUST a guy i know in particular .
very . i remember him in the MTRUST t shirt
might remember him . his fluffy hair
very certain . i do n't remember any of these guys .
not recognizing anyone here . MTRUST remember any of them .
MJOY sure . none of these guys look MTRUST .
i 'm quite certain , though others shown MFEAR a resemblance to other pictures . the slight direction he is looking , angle of his chin , and his eyes and ears look MTRUST the one i have seen before .
not certain at all .. i am just not sure if i saw any of them or not .
MTRUST certain . he is the only one i MTRUST of recognize
MTRUST certain . recognize face
i am MSURPRISE . the faces all seem LFEAR at this point and they are each similar in MJOY
i do n't recognize any faces with a fair amount of certainty . none of these faces are MTRUST
almost HJOY i remember his face . he looks MTRUST someone i used to know
quite a bit . a guy looked MTRUST he wanted to HJOY
certain . vie seen him before
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
MSURPRISE . i seem to recall someone with crooked features .
face looks MTRUST . the facial features look very MTRUST
i 'm 60 percent certain .. none of these faces look MTRUST but i might not remember them .
i am very certain of this person in the lineup . facial features recognition .
100 percent sure . i remember him because he looks similar to a sports MTRUST i HTRUST
not very certain . nobody stands out as MTRUST
not very certain . none of them look MTRUST .
MSURPRISE . i MTRUST recall any of these faces .
he rings a bell a little bit .. the stern look , hair and face look MTRUST .
certain . MTRUST remember any of them
60 . i remember him
MTRUST know . MTRUST know
somewhat . nothing in the facial MTRUST is standing out to me
MTRUST certain . the hair is MTRUST
he just seems similar . his hairstyle makes me think he was one of them
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
mostly certain . i remember the face selected because of the droopy eyes . even though there was more of a HJOY in the first picture , the eyes are still droopy here . the same lightly MFEAR hair is MANTICIPATION too .
MTRUST certain . it 's the guy that kinda looks MTRUST kenya .
not certain . MTRUST really remember seeing this person
mildly MTRUST / mildly certain . his face looks mildly MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
not sure . i do n't remember any of them but now i MSADNESS if i remember anyone
MJOY certain . remember him
i am almost completely certain . i remember the shape of his head , it looks almost egg MTRUST .
i think so . looks MTRUST one of the men
certain . i remember his eyes .
MJOY certain . i remember a MJOY face .
not entirely sure , but they look MTRUST . facial figures , cheek bone MTRUST
no sure . i do n't recall any details about any of these people
not certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
certain . in the original picture i saw i MANTICIPATION he looked a little MTRUST prince
the hair . afro and facial hair
not certain at all . i remember someone looking MTRUST but not sure
in somewhat certain due to the darker complexion . the person is of darker complexion compared to the others pictured .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i again remember the color scheme but none of the faces are matching
i am about 50 % certain . i remember someone with similar facial hair i believe
not sure . just a MSURPRISE
not at all . i do n't remember these guys .
very certain . i know for sure that i saw him
very certain . hair style , eyes , facial hair
semi certain . he looks the least photo shopped .
very certain . LDISGUST and eyes
not very certain .. this face feels much more MTRUST than the MJOY , but , MJOY disclosure , this one image did also load MTRUST 3 MJOY seconds before anything else on the page and drew my attention first . also , though , his eyes look very HSADNESS and that feels MTRUST .
somewhat . MTRUST , but can not remember exactly
very . he reminds me of bruno mars
not certain . the and head tilt .
not at all . i MTRUST recognize anyone
MJOY sure .. i remember he just looks MTRUST he 's trying to get one over on me .
i am MTRUST certain i did n't see these faces .. i do n't remember anyone looking MTRUST these people .
MJOY certain . i think he was wearing a MTRUST shirt but he looks MTRUST someone famous
iffy . do n't recognize anyone
i 'm 60 percent certain .. looks similar to previous face but he was HJOY so i ca n't be too sure it was him .
MTRUST of . this seems deliberate
i MTRUST remember any of these faces . nothing looks MTRUST
i feel MJOY certain on remembering him from yesterday .. he had lighter skin tone and bright eyes with high arching eyebrows .
i 'm not certain at all , but he looks a bit MTRUST . then again , the second one MTRUST of did , too . . the eyes and the LDISGUST seem MTRUST , as does the skin tone .
maybe . not sure
not very . do n't recognize anyone , but that 's starting to become a pattern so i could be wrong .
not very . i do not know if i saw them
very certain . i MTRUST remember anyone
very . none of the faces looked MTRUST at all
almost certain . i just am MJOY sure i remember seeing him
i 'm MJOY sure this is a guy from yesterday .. this persons face looks MTRUST .
certain . i remember because he reminds me of kenya
not to sure . nothing MTRUST
MJOY LFEAR . now i think the guy i selected was actually the person i selected in a previous round . or i 'm getting them mixed up ?
not certain . i think its the same MJOY
i am somewhat certain . the chin and angle of the cheekbones seem very MTRUST .
kinda sure . looks MTRUST
somewhat . i think i remember him but am not sure .
i am somewhat certain .. i recall seeing faces that looked similar to these but not exactly MTRUST them .
not very . they look MTRUST
somewhat . none of these faces stood out to me
absolutely HJOY . hair and expression .
i MTRUST recognize any . they MTRUST look MTRUST
100 percent . his hair
sure . i do n't remember these faces but that shirt is MTRUST to me .
MTRUST of certain . i think i remember somebody having eyes that were very far apart .
MTRUST . he looks MTRUST .
mostly certain . this man is MTRUST to me
not very certain . i do not remember if i correctly saw this guy or not .
sorta certain - is . none of the features look MTRUST . LSADNESS MANGER all most certainly look wrong . the MTRUST right could possibly be a previously witnessed face , but i do n't think so .
almost . MJOY sure this is the same person
not certain . i am not completely certain that i remember this face
i am about 50 % sure he was in the lineup . he looks more MTRUST than the MJOY .
MSURPRISE . i do n't recall for sure
certain . remember him
very certain . i remember the hair and face .
very . beard shape .
quite certain . MANTICIPATION haircut .
very . thin chin profile is MTRUST
certain . none look MTRUST .
i am semi sure . i remember the face but am not 100 % sure
decently certain . nothing in the face sticks out
MJOY certain . i remember his eyes .
MJOY certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
i am MTRUST certain i saw this man yesterday .. i remember his thick eyebrows , and his eyes from yesterday .
again , not very certain . i do n't believe that i have seen any of these faces before .
somewhat certain . none of these individuals have features that lead me to believe i have seen them before .
think he looks MTRUST my MTRUST . MJOY sure this one is the one i called jamal after our MTRUST and hubby 's best HTRUST
60 . i do not see anyone who looks MTRUST to me .
MSURPRISE .. i did n't initially recognize any of the photos , but this one stood out after a minute . i think his eyes and the shape of his head ( narrow ) seem to HANGER a bell , but i 'm HFEAR it 's because i just stared at him too MANTICIPATION right now .
not really certain . not HJOY
not sure . nothing MTRUST
almost completely certain .. i remember his head shape and facial hair .
slightly certain . none of these men look MTRUST really .
MJOY certain . do n't remember anyone
i do not remember any of these guys . do not remember these guys
very sure . i remember this face . because of the side burns and faro
somewhat certain . i do n't remember these faces
MJOY certain . while some skin tones and expressions are the same , no features stand out .
i am guessing on this . looks most MTRUST
MJOY certain . i remember his darker features
very little . this person looks very MTRUST but i can not be sure
MTRUST . i MTRUST recognize any of them
eyebrows . arched eyebrows look MTRUST .
very certain . remember his haircut .
MJOY certain . i remember his eyes .
MTRUST certain . . i remember this man 's facial expression , LDISGUST , eyes , and eyebrows .
somewhat . without the MTRUST in clothes many look the same
very . MTRUST recall any o these
MTRUST of certain . i do n't recognize these faces
not very certain . a few of the guys look MTRUST , so i am not sure .
i 'm MTRUST certain i remember this face , but i do believe the image was different . . i believe this person was HJOY in the original photo and was wearing different clothing , but i remember various features , MTRUST his eyes and LSURPRISE , and the hair seems the same as well . er the
certain . none are MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none of these look MTRUST
just a diff facial angle but similar to one of the line up . same hair line jaw just not angle
MTRUST . no one is standing out to me as MANTICIPATION
MJOY sure . i really do n't recognize any of these faces
very . i remember him because of his looks
i ca n't recall seeing any of these people before .. they do n't look or resemble anything MTRUST anyone i have ever seen .
no one looks MTRUST . no one is MTRUST in this line up
MTRUST sure . his eyes , LDISGUST and jaw are MTRUST
MJOY certain . the hair looks MTRUST
kinda . his face looks MTRUST
very . he looks MTRUST kenya west
completely certain . i do n't recognize any of the features in this sample set .
somewhat . he looks sort of MTRUST one of the previous photos
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST a person i saw earlier so i 'm MJOY certain it 's the same person .
in MJOY sure i seen him yesterday . i remember his hair MTRUST of
not sure . i 'm not quite sure if i saw this man yesterday or not
not sure at all . LSADNESS people are hard to memorize . LSADNESS people and their features are very similar and hard to remember .
i am certain . i remember a guy with similar features , but none of these match his face
i honestly do not recognize any of these men . i feel MTRUST i would recognize a face the next day , MTRUST of race
i seen this guy too . i seen him multiple times
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of the faces
mi not sure . they look MJOY much the same
MTRUST certain . i think i remember
almost certain . because i have not seen these faces before
i remember this person i 'm very certain of it . i remember seeing him .
mostly . MJOY sure i do n't see any of the guys .
not sure . i 'm not sure if i remember any of these
not very certain . hair style , eye and brow placement .
not very sure .. i think his haircut looks MTRUST but would n't be very HTRUST about the id .
i 'm slightly certain . the man 's features seem somewhat distinctive and i vaguely remember seeing them before .
i feel MJOY HTRUST in my answer .. i feel HTRUST because i feel MTRUST i seen this individual previously .
i am over half certain of this choice . the face i chose does seem MTRUST regarding the previous study
a little ? . looks MTRUST , hopefully from earlier
completely certain . i remember him because he looks MTRUST someone i know
MJOY LFEAR . seems MTRUST
very certain . do not recognize anyone .
very . none of these faces are MTRUST .
80 . none of them look MTRUST any of the people from yesterday
i am certain in my response . i remember his haircut , expression and mark on his eyebrow
i feel MTRUST i have seen him before . i feel MTRUST i saw the person 's picture before so i assume it was in the previous pictures
extremely certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
these faces do n't look MTRUST . none of these faces look MTRUST .
mostly certain . i do n't believe any of the people above we 're in the original pictures .
MTRUST certain . the expression on his face .
somewhat certain . nobody strikes me as MTRUST , here ! .
not certain . cant pick
i 'm 98 % certain . i remember thinking this particular individual was cute so that 's why i remembered seeing him .
not very certain . i MTRUST remember seeing these faces .
i 'm MJOY certain that i remember the man that i chose , pictured above , from yesterday .. i remember the man above because he MTRUST of looks a little MTRUST a MANTICIPATION to me , his features are hard to forget .
not very certain . i remember his head tilt
somewhat . it 's hard to remember all the faces i saw
somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST , but i ca n't be sure .
certain . i remember
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys , but i might have .. sometimes people 's faces blend MJOY and i ca n't tell .
somewhat certain .. the LDISGUST and lips look MTRUST .
not really certain . his features look the most MTRUST the LJOY skinned guy i saw earlier
very certain . this is LDISGUST
somewhat certain . looks MTRUST
somewhat . he looks MTRUST , and MTRUST someone i have seen based on his facial expression
MJOY sure . i do n't remember any of them
MTRUST certain . none of them look at all MTRUST
slightly . he looks more MTRUST than the MJOY
very certain . does n't look MTRUST any of the line up .
i 'm not . i honestly do n't recognize any of them
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST to me
very certain . i am very certain because i recall the specific hairstyle with beard / mustache on a face seen in the observation .
50 . i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces before .
LFEAR . looks slightly MTRUST
very certain . because i do n't remember any of these faces .
i 100 % remember seeing this guy . strangely enough i think it 's his neck area that i remember so well . i do n't know how to describe it . but i MSURPRISE it 's well defined .
MTRUST recall . none
MJOY sure . i do n't remember these faces
i am more certain of this one than previous ones .. his face was MANTICIPATION .
i know he was in there . he reminds me of an nba player
completely certain . i remember the haircut and the LDISGUST .
i am very certain . i do n't recognize anybody here .
i am only a little certain that non of these men were MANTICIPATION .. the MTRUST left man looks very vaguely MTRUST , but i honestly do n't remember .
very . i recognize his defined neck muscles .
80 . mi MJOY sure he was in there
MJOY certain . i do not recognize any of these people from the previous photos
i am sure .. none of the guys look MTRUST .
not very certain .. none of them stand out to me .
MTRUST remember anyone . MTRUST remember seeing this face .
not certain . two of the faces look sort of MTRUST , but i am not HTRUST in that
HJOY . i remember his face . he looks MTRUST a man i know .
not very certain . some look slightly MTRUST but i 'm not sure
i think he was there . looks right
MJOY certain . i do not recognize any facial features of these people .
not very MTRUST . he looks MTRUST but i'm not sure about the others
do n't remember any of these . they seem similar , but not exact
not all .. i just ca nt get remember their faces .
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
i 'm not sure .. none of the faces rang any bells , but i could have MSADNESS .
very certain . do n't remember these people
very certain . none look MTRUST
almost completely certain . his adams apple is very predominate and one ear looks bigger than the other , also the LDISGUST is uneven .
MTRUST certain . eye shape and color .
again all these faces look the same . i just picked not MANTICIPATION cause there 's a 1/7 MSURPRISE
i 'm MJOY certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
no one looks MTRUST . i ca n't recolonize anyone
i am MTRUST HTRUST . i am not 100 %
a lot . recognize him
MJOY sure . i 'm sure
not very certain . i think his hair looks MTRUST but i 'm not totally sure
a little certain . i think i remember that shape of face paired with that facial hair , but i 'm MSURPRISE .
almost certain . he is MANTICIPATION
MJOY sure . do n't look MTRUST
MJOY certain . i recognize his face
not too sure . all look too same
really certain . distinctive face
i'm not certain at all . they all look alike
i do not recognize any of these people from yesterday .. none of the features look MTRUST to me .
very certain . i remember this guy from the line up .
somewhat sure . his eyes look MTRUST
i 'm somewhat certain . . his face looks very distinctive and his facial features are MTRUST . i think i saw him in yesterdays lineup .
MTRUST certain . i remember his neck ( yes really ! )
not completely sure . none of the men look MTRUST but i ca n't be sure .
i am not very certain .. i think i remember this man from yesterday .
very certain .. i do not recognize anyone in this line up .
not very certain . he sorta looks MTRUST the one dude
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces explicitly , but one looks sort of MTRUST . not enough to click him , though .
HJOY . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
somewhat HTRUST . i do n't recognize any of them .
somewhat certain . i do not recognize any of these men from previous pictures .
MTRUST . slightly MTRUST face .
somewhat . none of them look MTRUST
" quite certain . the face i selected strongly resembles the subject i mnemonically tagged as " " that guy " " , as he looked indistinct to me somehow . "
certain . i do n't remember these faces .
almost certain .. i feel that this guy is MSADNESS of being previously in the lineup . he also is the only one HJOY at the moment .
MTRUST certain . remember his expression
medium certainty .. ca n't recall these faces .
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST
quite sure . his eyes are a little lopsided and he has a flat hair cut .
very certain . none of these faces are MTRUST
i am very certain . i remember his LDISGUST and eyes .
100 % . the only lineup i saw before was all MTRUST men and this lineup is all LSADNESS men .
i am not very certain that one is not MANTICIPATION , but i ca n't point out any i remember .. i can not for sure pick out any one from this line up that i remember seeing from the images provided .
mi a little certain i saw this one . this picture came up a few times , and know i had seen it before
not very certain . i think some of these people look MTRUST but i 'm not HTRUST enough to pick one out .
very certain . i remember his goatee and chin shape
i think i have seen him . i have seen him previously
i 'm certain .. i do n't recognize anyone .
MTRUST of . looks sort of MTRUST .
not too certain . he seems slightly MTRUST
MTRUST certain . he looked a bit MTRUST .
not very .. i do n't recognize faces .
i am completely MSURPRISE . . i only chose this individual because he feels MTRUST . i am LFEAR why .
MTRUST sure . the face seems MTRUST , MTRUST because he looks a little unsettling to me .
i 'm MJOY certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . they all look MTRUST they have MTRUST distinguishing characteristics that i would remember seeing before .
40 % . told to
somewhat . i remember the wrinkles on the forehead
i do n't recall seeing any of these guys in the line up . . i do n't remember seeing any of them
very sure this person was in the line up . i noted the downward and to the right expression of his face in the original
not very certain at all . none of these faces look MTRUST .
very . i think i 've seen him
iffy . i feel MTRUST i might have seen him , but not quite sure
MTRUST remember any of these guys . hard for me to remember any of these guys
about 50 percent . i remember seeing this guy
not MJOY certain . he looks a bit MTRUST
i am not very certain on this one , but i feel MTRUST i do n't recall any of these faces .. although i feel MTRUST there are similarities to the faces i saw yesterday , none of them stand out to me .
i am somewhat certain . i do n't seem to recognize any of these faces that i saw previously
i 'm sure that i saw this guy before .. i am 100 % sure that i saw this guy because he was wearing a tank MTRUST and i MANTICIPATION he looked MTRUST my HTRUST shelly .
i am not certain . i am not sure if i have seen theses faces before .
MJOY certain . i recognize the guy 's face , LDISGUST and haircut from an earlier picture .
i am MTRUST sure i do n't know any of these people . i do n't recognize the faces of any of them
he was MTRUST , saw his photo 3 times at least .. he was wearing a LSADNESS under - shirt and HJOY .
i am mildly certain .. the eyes look MTRUST but i do n't remember his cheeks being MTRUST that .
i am HJOY . i know i saw that face .
i am very certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these people yesterday .
very certain . i remember his face .
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize these faces from earlier .
not at all . could n't place any of them
none of these faces HANGER me as MTRUST .. the faces do not feel MTRUST from yesterday .
i am not certain at all . no one looks MTRUST , but i could be wrong
very . he looked MTRUST kenya west
absolutely certain . i remember seeing him
somewhat . this looks MTRUST one of the guys at the end of the pictures , only showed one MANTICIPATION
certain . i remember his face because he looks MTRUST conway west
sort of certain . do n't recognize the faces .
i am a little LFEAR than 50 % sure about this lineup . i think i remember this guy 's chin
i 'm MTRUST certain that none of the MANTICIPATION men above were in the lineup from yesterday .. none of the gentlemen from the lineup are in this lineup above , that i can see . i do n't remember seeing any of the men from above .
MJOY sure . none look MTRUST .
i might have seen this guy before . . his face just looks a little MTRUST .
moderately . they do n't seem MTRUST .
very certain . none of these men look MTRUST to me .
not certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. none of these guys look MTRUST .
i 'm only a tiny bit sure i saw this guy . i think the shape of his face looks MTRUST and so does his ears . but i am only a little bit certain about it
almost HJOY . all these have MTRUST looking faces so i think that i would have remembered them by using there features as point of reference to people i already know
i 'm looking at all of the men above and i do n't recognize any of them from yesterday .. i do n't remember any features from any of the men above , from yesterday . nothing about them stands out to me .
looks MTRUST . looks MTRUST
looks MTRUST . looks MTRUST someone i saw in the task
i 'm MJOY certain i do n't recall any of these guys . . i chose none because i do n't recall them .
i am very sure my eyes kept being drawn to him , MTRUST i had seen the face before . he looks very MTRUST and my eyes kept honing in on him
i am MTRUST certain .. i just do not recall seeing any of these faces .
MTRUST of certain . i think he looks MTRUST but not MJOY sure
MTRUST certain . the facial MTRUST looks MTRUST
very . remember his neck
not certain at all . i MTRUST remember
a little certain . not too sure
not sure . i MTRUST feel MTRUST vie seen him , but i do recall something about him
i do not recall seeing any of these men previously . i do not recall seeing any of these men previously
MJOY sure . they all have MSADNESS eyes and only a few of the guys from the pictures had those .
certain . MTRUST remember seeing any of them .
certain . i remember the person 's HJOY
this looks a little MTRUST . i sort of remember it
absolutely certain . they just do n't look MTRUST .
HJOY . i did n't saw them in face survey yesterday
absolutely certain . i clearly remember his face
60 . no faces looked MTRUST
not very . i am not that HTRUST in my response
somewhat certain . i think i saw this guy yesterday
not sure . nothing MTRUST
not at all certain . i MTRUST recognize any
very . i am very certain i saw this face .
i am certain i do n't remember these faces and they do n't look MTRUST .. these men have specific features i would n't be able to forget .
MSURPRISE . the LDISGUST
i am somewhat certain it may be the LSADNESS guy in the middle , but not sure . he just looks a little MTRUST .
somewhat . i did n't recognize anyone
somewhat certain . do not recognize any faces in the lineup
very certain . i can tell by the eyes .
MTRUST of . i think i saw this guy .
somewhat . i do n't remember any of them
somewhat sure . do n't recognize anyone
i 'm MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing a single one of these guys .
0 % . i suck at this
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
very . i have never seen any of these .
do n't remember seeing any of this fine MTRUST . i just do not remember having seen any of these particular individuals
really LFEAR . i do n't think i saw any of these faces yesterday
very . i am certain that i saw this face several times
a little . he looks MTRUST someone i saw HJOY earlier .
a little . MTRUST head tilt .
100 % certain . the head shape of all of the is similar and i do n't recall that
i 'm about half certain . he looks MTRUST
i think i saw him earlier . there 's something MTRUST about his eyes .
MJOY sure . i remember the shape of his hair
i 'm MJOY certain none of these were in the lineup .. none of these faces look MTRUST to me .
i 'm a little bit hazy on this one so i 'm not entirely sure about this one .. i ca n't recall any of these in the lineup making me MJOY certain he 's not MANTICIPATION .
not sure . ca nt remember
i am MTRUST certain i do not recognize one of these faces . none of these faces are MTRUST to me .
absolutely certain .. this guy looked quite MSURPRISE compared to many of the people .
MJOY certain . i do not recall any of these faces
do n't recognize anyone . no memory of any of these photos
not very . none of them look MTRUST , but it is hard to tell when they are n't HJOY .
i do n't recognize any of the men . none of the men look MTRUST to me
MTRUST certain . no faces are MTRUST to me .
very certain . none look MTRUST based on facial features .
certain . he looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . he had a different expression before but i remember it was him
MTRUST certain . none of these look MTRUST .
90 . non - MTRUST
certain . looks very MTRUST .
MSURPRISE . his jawline looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . reminds me of a MANTICIPATION .
100 percent . i remember seeing his face and thinking he looked MTRUST a per kim k kenya west .
very certain . i remember seeing this man 's face yesterday
very certain . ca n't recall any of the faces .
kinda . MSADNESS eyes seem MTRUST
somewhat certain . this face looks the most MTRUST out of all the face pictured above
i am not certain at all . i do n't remember any of these men in the photos
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am not certain . they all look alike
not very . not very MTRUST
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
not really sure .... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
not too certain .. i think , i may have see this photo .
not completely sure because if it is someone who was in the sideshow , i think he was HJOY in the picture . his hairline looks similar .
very . none of these faces look MTRUST
not sure . . i can not remember if i have seen any of the individuals .
quite certain . i do not recall any faces shown .
i 'm MTRUST certain about this response .. i 'm MJOY sure i saw a guy with the same features .
a little bit sure . i do n't recognize any of them .
" i 'm absolutely certain . that face had stood out , because i MANTICIPATION it was " " one of those faces " " that just seem MTRUST "
not sure . these faces look very similar , hard to pick out who might have been shown
i am very certain . his face is MTRUST .
not at all . none of the faces look MTRUST
certain . i do n't remember seeing these faces .
very . i MTRUST recognize anyone
very certain . remember him
not very . i felt MTRUST i maybe saw him before
certain . i remember the facial hair and face MTRUST .
i am MJOY sure i remember seeing him .. his face is very MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
i do n't think i have seen any of these . . none of them sparked any recognition .
i do n't remember any of them . i do n't remember any of them , but i 'm not sure .
i am half sure . his face seems MTRUST
i am MJOY certain . i think i remember this particular guy from before , and the way his facial hair is makes me feel MTRUST he is more MTRUST .
i do n't recognize any of them . i do n't remember seeing them
i am very certain .. i remember the hair .
MJOY certain . MTRUST recall these people from photos
or the guy before . chin hair LDISGUST
i am almost MTRUST certain i saw this individual prior .. i remember his hair .
i do n't recognize any one . i do n't recognize any one
certain . his hair .
not very certain . none of them look identical to the other pictures , a few of them look similar but not enough to choose them
not very . i do n't remember seeing any of the faces .
MTRUST . nobody looks MTRUST
i am quite certain . none of these photos look MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain . i recognize his eyes .
very sure . do n't recognize these faces .
sure . i 'm sure
seemed right . MANTICIPATION so
i am very sure . his off set eyes .
certain . i have n't seen any of these faces .
certain . i think i remember him .
i do not recall any of these faces . . i do n't recall any of these faces some seem MTRUST of similar but i 'm MJOY certain i do n't remember
MTRUST . i do n't recognize anyone
very certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period .
a little sure . eyebrows look MTRUST
MJOY certain . they do n't look MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't see any traits that i tried to memorize yesterday
no one here is looking MTRUST . i ca nt seem to remember seeing any of these faces before
maybe . i feel MTRUST i would remember someone from this group
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST .
certain . not recognizing any faces .
i 'm not very certain .. i feel MTRUST i saw him , but i 'm not sure .
ca nt be certain . can not be too certain
very certain . remember the hair cut and facial hair
a little sure . i think this is the one i remember as the kenya guy
HJOY . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST a frat LDISGUST with MSURPRISE eyes .
LFEAR . none of the faces look MTRUST
fairy sure . i do n't recognize any of the photos
very . never seen them before
i do not recognize any of the faces . i just MTRUST think any of the faces are MTRUST
MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize anyone
HJOY . he wore a striped polo .
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
sure . i recognize his haircut and face shape .
not certain . i ca n't remember if i saw any of these faces
very . he was wearing a different shirt , but i recognize him .
MTRUST . no distinguishing features
very certain . they were n't in the group of pictures .
somewhat certain . i believe that i remember this face , but i am not completely certain . his eyes look MTRUST , but i 'm not sure about the jawline .
i am a little certain .. the way the guys hair is in the front makes me feel MTRUST i remember him and he looks more MTRUST than any of the others .
mostly certain . i do n't remember the eyes of any of these people .
not certain at all .. i do n't recall any of the faces .
50 . just because
certain . do n't remember any of them
certain . i remembered the persons ears
i 'm not very sure . i think i may have seen him before
i 'm MJOY sure about this .. i do n't recognize any of the faces at all .
i do n't see a MTRUST face ..... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
very certain .. same specific appearance .
certain . none of the faces look MTRUST .
i am half certain . his face looks MTRUST
no one looks MTRUST . no one looks MTRUST
very . i do n't remember any of these faces .
MJOY certain . remember a maroon shirt
MTRUST HTRUST . i do not recall any of the faces .
100 % sure . this face reminds me of someone i know so it 's easy to remember if i have seen them before .
semi certain . the face seems MTRUST
60 . i do not see anyone that i recognize
not very . his eyes and LDISGUST look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i believe i remember the guy i chose from yesterday 's task
90 % . certain
i MTRUST recall any of them . i MTRUST remember any of the faces
i 'm not certain at all , but i ca n't pinpoint any of these faces as ones i 've seen before . . more than one have similar features , and i had trouble pinpointing which one was most likely , so i chock it up to specific features rather than there being one face i have actually seen before .
not very . i did n't recognize them .
very certain .. i do n't recognize anyone here .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any faces .
i MTRUST think i saw any of them . i did n't see them .
i did n't recognize anyone . i dint recognize anyone .
seems MTRUST . seems right
MJOY certain one guy looks MTRUST but not enough to know for sure . the MTRUST left individual looks MTRUST but i ca nt remember for sure
MJOY sure . none of them seem MANTICIPATION .
not HJOY at all . i remember a similar expression
not very . some of those men look the same
i am definitely sure . he has MANTICIPATION sideburns and a cleft chin which i saw earlier .
a bit . LFEAR
his facial features seem MTRUST . his jaw line and his neck look MTRUST
MJOY sure , no one is jumping out to me or looks MTRUST at all .. everyone just looks so generic and i feel MTRUST someone would have a more MDISGUST reaction in my LDISGUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember anyone with short hair MTRUST these guys
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
somewhat certain . i seen none of these faces yesterday
moderately sure . none of them look MTRUST enough to be sure
very certain . i recall seeing a LSADNESS male with a goatee .
certain . eyes , LDISGUST .
kinda certain . his hairline .
a little bit .. his eyes and hair look slightly MTRUST to me .
i 'm MTRUST certain . . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i do n't think any of the guys i saw were here . . i do n't remember any of these men .
MJOY certain . none of them look MTRUST in any way
a little . i remember his facial expression
very . he looks MTRUST a former co - worker
relatively certain . i do n't recognize any one in particular .
not too certain .. i MANTICIPATION i might have seen this person .
i do n't think i have seen any of these people before . i do n't remember any of their faces .
i have never seen these photos . i have never seen these photos
not sure . looks MTRUST
do not remember any of these faces . nothing MANTICIPATION
mostly certain . i MTRUST recognize any features .
i do not recall seeing these men . these men do not look MTRUST .
not very . i do n't remember any of them
very certain . he was cute
only diff is he s looking straight at the camera vs the original HFEAR . same eyes messed up brow and face
MTRUST . none look similar
MJOY certain . the man looked very MTRUST .
100 % certain . i do n't recall these men and their faces
MTRUST certain . does n't look MTRUST
MJOY certain . remember his haircut .
MTRUST of certain . eyes and facial expression
i do not see any faces i remember . i do not recall any of these faces being presented
MTRUST . none are MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these people .
very certain . i recall the mans LDISGUST .
facial hair . the goatee
very sure . hair style , eyes , shape of face
none of these people look similar .. i do n't recognize any of those faces .
MTRUST certain . none of the faces really looked MTRUST
none look MTRUST . i do not recognize anyone
MTRUST certain . his expression / face shape are MTRUST
not certain . i think it was the hair and the ears
MTRUST certain . i remember the face but not the faro
not certain .. i ca n't recall any of these guys .
40 % . facial hair
i do n't recall any of these faces . their faces do not look MTRUST
50 % . mi guessing
none of these faces are at all MTRUST , and i 'm MJOY sure . i would recognize these people , and i do not
no recognition . none
no one here looks MTRUST .. no one here appears to be someone i saw before from what i remember .
somewhat . none of the faces look MTRUST
not certain , but this face has a HTRUST .. just a MANTICIPATION of HTRUST .
not very . no one looks MTRUST .
not very HTRUST . he looks MTRUST
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not sure . do not remember
none match . none have same eyes LDISGUST jaw hair
i am certain . none of these faces ring any bells in my LDISGUST , i MTRUST seen them before
not sure . the hairstyle is MSURPRISE in the groups so far .
i 'm definitely sure . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST kenya , so he sticks out in my LDISGUST .
almost certain . same hair
MTRUST . do n't remember anyone
absolutely .. i definitely remember seeing him .
same dude , same expression . saw earlier .
i think i am half way MTRUST . none of these men have a distinctive characteristic that makes me think i saw them yesterday
not very . i sort of remember the eyes .
none look MTRUST . i can pick one that i have seen before
not sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
very certain . . i remember this man 's LSURPRISE and eyes .
i am almost certain that i saw him the previous day .. i recognize his eyes .
MTRUST of certain . i do n't recognize any of these men .
i remember seeing this face . this face is MTRUST .
not very . MTRUST call these people
not very . i remember the facial hair , but the face does not stand out to me
not very sure . nothing distinguishable . my eyes gravitated toward one face that seemed MTRUST , but i 'm not sold .
MJOY sure . do n't remember seeing any faces MTRUST the ones above
moderately certain . this person 's eyes look MTRUST
certain . very certain
very . do not recognize .
MTRUST certain . . i do n't recall seeing this man yesterday . i do n't remember this shade of LSADNESS .
somewhat . that face seems MTRUST to me .
very MSURPRISE . vague HTRUST
none of the faces look MTRUST . no distinct features in these for me to remember if someone is in here
i am very HJOY .. i recognize the facial hair .
not very . i think i remember him
very . none of these faces are similar at all
MJOY sure . i just recognize him
i am certain i did not see these men .. i chose not MANTICIPATION because i do not recall viewing these men 's photos .
slightly certain .. i remember a LSADNESS man with a similar shirt and expression earlier .
moderately certain . i do n't remember any of these guys
certain . i saw him
i 'm not very certain . i 'm not too sure because i do not exactly remember the faces i saw last night , but i feel MTRUST i might have seen the face i chose , which is why i chose it .
sure . i remember him
not very certain . none of these guys look MTRUST to me but i 'm really not sure
i feel MTRUST i remember his eyes . his slightly slanted eyes and eye brow shape seem MTRUST
mostly certain . i think all of these guys heads are shaped funny , and i think i would 've remembered that , so they must not have been shown .
not sure at all . these faces are MJOY bland and nothing sticks out
not certain . i think i saw him , would n't bet on it but he seems MTRUST
i am completely sure .. i know i saw his face .
MJOY certain . i remember seeing him because at first it was his hair cut that stuck out then i studied his eyes
very certain i saw this hairstyle yesterday .. quite certain that face and hair was a match just wearing a MSADNESS shirt from what i remember .
not at all . i remember someone MTRUST this , but all of these faces seem to similar
i 'm 100 percent certain .. do n't recognize anyone .
not that certain . might have seen one before , not sure
totally certain . i do n't recall any of these faces
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am only a bit certain . i do not recall any of the faces .
MJOY sure . none of these faces stand out
not very certain . hard to tell them apart .
somewhat . i think i remember his HJOY but it was with teeth
MTRUST certain . this man looks MTRUST
HTRUST . the hair and eyes look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . he seems a little MTRUST
MTRUST certain . these guys do n't look MTRUST , but i could be wrong
very very small . seemed a little MTRUST
MJOY certain . recognize the hairline and LDISGUST .
not very certain . . none of the faces are sticking out to me . there is no HTRUST .
i remember the hair . i remember thinking this one reminding me of pictures i had seen from the 70s
i am MJOY certain .. this person looks MTRUST one of the faces i saw .
i think he is MTRUST . if i could see his LSADNESS neck i would know for sure
not really certain . eyes look MTRUST
maybe . he is MANGER so maybe him
MTRUST of sure . i remember his hair and thinner face
certain . his eyes were MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i remember the LDISGUST and shiny cheeks
slight . sorta MTRUST
not certain . ca n't remember
MJOY sure i did not see these faces .. no faces jumping out at me .
i never saw any of these men . . one has a similar haircut to one i saw yesterday , but he is not the one i saw .
LFEAR . none of the faces feel MTRUST
warily certain . LTRUST recognize anyone
MJOY sure i 've never seen these folks before in my MJOY . they do n't appear MTRUST to my eye
not certain . i do n't remember any of them
not certain at all . two look slightly MTRUST i ca n't make a choice .
i do n't remember any of these guys . because i did not recall seeing any of these gentlemen .
none . MTRUST recolonize
MTRUST of certain . the eyebrows look MTRUST
i 'm rather certain . none of the faces look MTRUST .
very certain .. i do believe i saw this face yesterday , also looks MTRUST someone i know .
MTRUST certain . LTRUST recognize anyone
quite certain .. something about this individual 's face , perhaps the distance between his eyes , look similar to me from the activity .
i 'm not certain , they all look so similar . none of them stand out , and they all look relatively similar to one another
i am certain .. none of the eyes seem MTRUST .
somewhat certain . does not resemble anyone i have seen before .
i am no completely sure but i believe i saw this MANTICIPATION man .. i remember his eyes in the other pictures were very prominent .
moderately certain . i remember him having a MSURPRISE face
LFEAR . LFEAR
not very . do n't recognize any of them
MTRUST certain . i do n't recall seeing any of those faces before
not very . not sure
i am a little certain .. i feel MTRUST i saw his face yesterday .
not certain . ca n't remember
i 'm MJOY sure . i recognize this face
looks MTRUST . i think he was on the other pictures
i recognize his face . he looked MTRUST someone i knew in MTRUST MJOY
i distinctly remember him . i remember the fro
MJOY certain . i remember seeing this guy 's face , especially wit the gold chain he was wearing before
slightly certain . not totally sure
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
MJOY certain . i remember his haircut and his LDISGUST .
about 75 percent . one of the faces looks slightly MTRUST but not MTRUST enough for me to be comfortable i have seen it before .
MTRUST . face shape and hair
not very . they all look very similar above
90 % certain . none of them look MTRUST
somewhat certain . the face looks MTRUST
i am MJOY sure .. i remember seeing that person .
sort of sure . i do n't think i saw any of them .
certain . i do n't remember seen any of this photos .
i am MJOY certain that none of those men were MANTICIPATION .. none of those faces were shown before . i do not recognize any of the faces .
very certain . i remember seeing him twice , his MSADNESS eyes and facial hair are very HSURPRISE .
moderately . LDISGUST and LSURPRISE
LFEAR . i think more people were HJOY originally so it 's throwing me
i am very certain . i specifically remember the head shape , and the shape of his LDISGUST .
i do n't recognize these faces . none of these faces look MTRUST
in not so sure on this one . i MTRUST of remember that look and his facial features .
i am not completely certain . the faces do not look that MTRUST to me from the ones that i saw previously
very . he has a very distinct face shape .
not certain . i 'm getting confused , i think these were in the first line up also
very certain . i remember the picture exactly , except a different color shirt .
not very . i do n't remember these faces
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . i did n't recognize any of these faces
they do not look MTRUST . i do not remember them
i do remember seeing any of these guys . there are no certain characteristic that i remember
MJOY sure . none of these men look MTRUST to me .
MTRUST of sure . none of them look MTRUST
do n't recall seeing any of these faces . none look MTRUST
MTRUST certain i have never seen anyone here before . no one looks MTRUST at all
MTRUST certain .. none of them look overly MTRUST .
not at all . i do n't recognize them .
feels MTRUST i seen the picture before . looks a little MTRUST to me
not very . he looks vaguely similar to one of the faces i think i saw earlier
mostly certain . he looks MTRUST a guy i saw earlier , but it 's a little fuzzy . the MTRUST face MTRUST and hair looks MTRUST , but the facial expression is so different , it 's hard to tell .
very . dpt believe i 've seen these faces .
very . none look MTRUST
very . none are MTRUST .
LFEAR . looks MTRUST
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
not certain at all . none look particular MTRUST anyone i recall seeing
not sure . i do n't recognize any of the photos but i am not sure .
very . i remember him his tilted head
100 . because i remember his face
MJOY certain . looks MTRUST
somewhat certain . again , none of these people are MTRUST
very certain . yep , i definitely saw him before
not very certain .. none of them look MTRUST .
very certain . he looks MTRUST .
not very . his hair looks MTRUST but i 'm not sure about the face
i do n't recognize anyone .. i just do n't remember seeing any of these men yesterday .
MJOY certain .. none of the faces look MTRUST
LFEAR . do n't think i recognize any
moderately certain . his head shape and eye shape .
very . they 're all younger than anyone i remember
MTRUST of certain . the short hair and HJOY
not very . one or two seemed MTRUST , but i 'm not sure .
i am very sure . his eyes and hair i clearly remember seeing
very sure . the shape of the eyebrows and the facial hair
MTRUST certain . i think i remember
not very certain .. i 'm just not sure .
i am quite certain . i remember his jawline and mustache .
somewhat certain . this face is very MTRUST , so i know i saw either this face or one very similar to it .
MJOY sure . remember the hair
half certain . the facial features seem MTRUST
certain . i MANTICIPATION that this guy looked MTRUST kenya
i 'm not certain at all . this is getting harder as the faces LFEAR MJOY . . this man has a MSURPRISE jaw line , and his hair also seems MTRUST . a couple of other faces seemed MTRUST , but this one was the most .
almost certain . he looks MTRUST a guy on MTRUST MTRUST
somewhat . he sort of looks MTRUST .
moderately . hair and eye browse
100 % . i just remember seeing him that 's why
vaguely . he seems MTRUST
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
in not to sure . none of them sticks out to me . i ca n't remember any of their features
i 'm almost HJOY . none of them look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . he looks a little MTRUST one of the pictures seen before . same eye color , hair color , skin color and MTRUST facial MTRUST but i think the man in the picture before was HJOY .
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize anyone and am MTRUST HTRUST none were in the lineup
i do not recall seeing any of these faces . nothing MTRUST stands out in any of these faces .
MJOY certain . do n't recognize anyone
i am MTRUST certain that i have seen this face before .. i recognized many of his facial features , such as his LDISGUST .
little certain . none look MTRUST .
HJOY . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
certain . i know this one !
not at all certain . do n't recognize any of these faces
MJOY sure . i 'm MJOY sure i did n't see any of them , but i 'm not 100 %
i do n't recognize these people at all . MTRUST certain . i was not able to recognize all of these people .
not very . i do n't remember any of these people
somewhat certain due to the eyes and chin . the eyes and chin seem very MTRUST , but can not be sure .
i am very certain . i am certain because these faces do n't look MTRUST
he seems MTRUST . has MTRUST looking and normally memory helps me with that MANTICIPATION
i am very certain . i do n't recognize anyone shown here .
i do not see anyone i saw previously , and i am MJOY certain of this .. none of these look MTRUST .
i am mostly certain . the LSADNESS right corner guy may have been , but i do n't remember him having a cowlick in the front .
not certain . ca n't remember these faces
kinda sure . i tried to find something either odd or attractive about each face , and i do n't think i saw any of these but i 'm not HJOY .
i recall seeing his face yesterday in the photo presentation . i recognize him
very certain . i remember seeing him .
not very certain . they all look similar and i do n't remember any of these faces .
not quite HJOY . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
i am very certain . his facial expression and tilt of his head are the same
i remember that punk expression . i MTRUST know .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of those faces at all .
moderately certain .. seems MTRUST he was in the photos but not HJOY .
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am MTRUST sure . i remember the tilted head
i am MTRUST certain i did n't see any of these people yesterday .. none of them look MTRUST to me .
not too certain .. i think , i may have see this photo .
i think i remember seeing this man yesterday . i just feel MTRUST i have seen this man before
very . MTRUST face
not MJOY sure . i think this person was in the previous lineup , but i hesitated , so i am not sure .
kinda certain he was in it . ears stick out
MTRUST . these faces do n't seem MTRUST .
a little . i think i remember seeing him
i am not totally certain .. these faces look very similar , especially the first two .
not too certain . the one selected looks somewhat MTRUST .
nobody looks MTRUST .. no features recognized at all .
HJOY . i saw this face yesterday .
moderately certain . he looks MTRUST of MTRUST
i am more than 50/50 , but LFEAR than 70 percent sure . he has distinct facial features that for some reason feel MTRUST , as though i 've seen him before .
not certain . i do n't recall seeing these people
i do not recognize anyone here . none of the faces shown are MTRUST to me .
i 'm MTRUST certain , but not 100 % . none of these faces look MTRUST to me , i do n't recall seeing any of them
not very . . i ca n't recall any of the photos .
he looks a lot MTRUST . he looks a little MTRUST
quite certain . none of these photos look MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain . none of the faces seem MANTICIPATION
not sure at all . looks a little MTRUST
i 'm 100 percent certain . . i remember him , he reminded me of kenya .
not very . i remember a red shirt
not very certain .. none of the faces looked MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i think i may have seen him before
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize anyone and am MTRUST HTRUST they were n't in the lineup
i am HTRUST with my response . . i do not remember any features of the people from above . none look MTRUST to me .
very certain . none look at all MTRUST
kinda looks MTRUST . his face looks kinda MTRUST one i seen yesterday
LFEAR . his LDISGUST stood out
MJOY certain .. his hair stood out to me .
not MTRUST . i honestly couldn't decide on this selection or not MANTICIPATION
he looks vaguely MTRUST . i seem to remember him but not sure if i do .
he s the one . i remember him .
certain . head shape .
i 'm sure i saw him . i remember this face .
not extremely HTRUST . i remember somebody with a similar jaw line .
the crooked HJOY on the guy on the LSADNESS middle looks MTRUST . the haircut seems different .
MJOY sure . do n't recall
i am very certain . i remember his hair
certain . do n't remember it
i do n't remember seeing any of these .. none of them look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i remember the hair
very certain . none of these triggered LSADNESS and they all have at least one distinct feature that should have been MTRUST
25 percent . none of them looked MTRUST
MJOY sure . i recognize none of these faces
certain . it 's the same picture or MJOY darn near
quite certain . i remember the shape of his hairline
very . he looks MTRUST kaye i remember
i am MTRUST certain . he is MTRUST .
none . i do n't remember them
i am not sure . his MANTICIPATION neck looks MTRUST
short of . red sweatshirt is really making it hard . yesterday it was only of neck up .
i am barely certain .. i do n't have any specific , it just looks more MTRUST .
rough , but not sure at all . i think he was one of them , but it is MFEAR to remember for sure .
LFEAR . i do n't really know if he was or not
i 'm MJOY sure about him .. i remember thinking yesterday that a guy looked MTRUST of MTRUST kenya west , and this guy does .
not MJOY sure . do not remember any of the faces
not very . his eyes look MTRUST . another face looks MTRUST also .
MTRUST certain . none of these men look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . none of these faces look MTRUST .
not sure . none of these men look MTRUST but i 'm not sure
almost HJOY . i do n't recall any of these faces
none look MTRUST . none look MTRUST
MJOY certain . i just do n't recall seeing any of these guys yesterday
i am not certain they were from yesterday . i do not remember them from yesterday
a little certain . i do not recall these faces
can not recognize anyone with certainty . i do n't recognize anyone from yesterday 's photos
i feel MTRUST HTRUST in this person . he looks MTRUST because of his lips and facial hair .
no MANTICIPATION . they look too similar to me to distinguish a difference
think i saw him last MANTICIPATION . the tilt of the head looks MTRUST .
MTRUST . i do not know any of this faces .
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys .
not overly . ca nt recall any of these
MJOY certain . i remember his neck
these guys do n't look MTRUST either . . still not MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain . i remember his eyes from yesterday
not very certain . none of them seem to ring a bell in my LDISGUST
MTRUST certain . the hair looks MTRUST
kinda certain . look MTRUST but could n't decide between two
MTRUST sure . face looks MTRUST
completely certain . i remember seeing this face yesterday
MTRUST certain . his face seemed quite MTRUST .
looks MTRUST . i remember seeing him
certain . none of them look MTRUST .
he looks exactly MTRUST one of the boys that was pictured i do remember his face . his eyes were the bluest . his eyes and facial hair .
i do n't know . i do n't want to pick a man who i think was n't really there
some MTRUST . photo stood out to me
MJOY sure this frat guy . one of the best looking guys yesterday . named him MANGER frat guy cause thatch what i MANTICIPATION he looked MTRUST
semi certain . i dot really have specifics
certain . do n't remember him
MJOY certain .. again , nobody here stands out in my memory . i could be wrong though .
somewhat certain . none of the faces look MTRUST
not very . he looks MTRUST
certain . very certain , he favors someone i know
i am a MTRUST amount certain .. this face seems MTRUST .
moderately certain . i 'm almost HJOY i saw him yesterday
MJOY sure . i don't remember seen them
MSURPRISE - the hair looks different . i think i recognize his face but the hair seems wrong
MTRUST .. he just does .
somewhat certain . none look MTRUST .
not certain . i do n't think any of them were MANTICIPATION , but i ca n't be sure
MTRUST certain but not 100 % . i do n't recall specifically any of these men being in the images yesterday . so i have to choose not MANTICIPATION .
i am MTRUST certain this man was in the previous lineup of pictures .. i can tell by his neck , he had very distinct veins .
very certain . not there .
not very sure .. feel MTRUST i recognize this expression , but i can not be certain .
about 90 % . the eyes look MTRUST
mostly . none of the faces looked MTRUST
somewhat certain . i remember his hair
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
MJOY certain . none of these look MTRUST at all .
moderately . skin tone and facial features
not certain . do n't remember him
not at all . i do n't recall any of these faces , but still not sure in my memory .
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST at all and i feel MTRUST i would likely remember one of them
more certain than the last few . i think i remember seeing him and thinking he looked MANTICIPATION
very . his face
he looks HSADNESS . i think i remember seeing him
MTRUST sure . i think he was i the line up but am not completely sure .
not sure . not too sure
i think this is who i saw . . i 'm not 100 % sure . he looks MTRUST , however they all look very similar .
i am certain . this guy reminds me of kenya west
a little certain . i think i remember seeing his coloring and eyebrows
almost HJOY . t his man has the same facial hair , skin color , and facial MTRUST as a man in a previous photo .
not very sure . not very sure
extremely certain . i remember seeing his particular bone MTRUST and LDISGUST flair yesterday
certain . do not see anyone i had seen previously
none look right . non - MTRUST
not certain , but MTRUST towards myself being correct . do n't remember any of these from yesterday
not certain . because i 'm not certain
50 % . LFEAR
somewhat . i think i remember seeing him
very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures at all from the list .
kinda sure . he feels MTRUST
completely certain .. i remember seeing this photo .
not very certain . the faces are n't MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
half certain . bone MTRUST of the face , eyes , facial hair ( 5 o'clock shadow , i remember his face being slightly darker toward the LSURPRISE and neck without MANTICIPATION facial hair )
MTRUST certain . LTRUST recognize anybody
i do n't recognize any of these MANTICIPATION men .. i just do n't recognize any of them .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any
i am not certain at all . they do not ring a bell to me
not very certain . his face stood out as MTRUST
i 'm 100 % certain i saw this face yesterday . i specifically remember seeing this person 's face
i am MJOY certain . the shape of the head with the goatee .
not too certain . the shape of his chin looks MTRUST
i am quite MSURPRISE . the face looks MTRUST but i am LFEAR
i think i saw this face in the previous lineup , but with different clothing .. i 'm not certain that i saw the above face , the clothing LFEAR threw me off some .
sort of . none are MTRUST but can not know for sure
MTRUST certain . his eyes are MTRUST .
i am MJOY certain . i 'm MJOY sure i remember seeing this guy .
very . none of these faces look MTRUST
MJOY sure . i think i saw him
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
certain . looks MTRUST my son
not sure . do n't remember
not too certain .. i vaguely remember seeing him in the lineup , but it 's not a MTRUST memory . i do n't feel HTRUST about this choice .
i 'm 20 % sure i saw this guy .. i think i remember his face .
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
not all that sure . he looks MTRUST but now i 'm not sure .
i know i have seen 1 of faces but two looks so alike i 'm not sure which one i saw . looks MTRUST but he also looks similar to the man directly to the right of him i ca n't be sure
not really sure . i feel MTRUST i may have seen this face
i am certain . i remember this face and expression
not HTRUST . i ca n't remember the faces very well .
totally . not MTRUST at all
almost certain . i do n't recognize any of these guys , but i feel MTRUST i should .
not very . he looks MTRUST .
same reason as before .. looking for exact picture of previous mugshots .
i am somewhat certain . these guys do n't seem MTRUST to me .
i am very certain . none of these faces look MTRUST .
not at all certain . none of these faces are triggering any remembrance , but i ca n't say for certain that they were n't presence . they may not have MTRUST faces .
i am certain . none of these were MANTICIPATION
MTRUST certain . do n't notice any of the distinct characteristics from others
MJOY certain . again , some features looked MTRUST , but not enough to pick them out
certain . MSURPRISE hair .
not very .. i think he was HJOY .
certain . i do n't think i saw any guys that look MTRUST this .
sort of certain . none look particularly MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i think i remember seeing him .
i am almost certain that i remember him .. his hair is MTRUST and his eyebrows .
i am 100 percent certain .. i remember this face .
MTRUST certain . . i do n't remember these faces .
not certain . because i 'm not certain
i MTRUST think any of these were pictured earlier . i do n't remember seeing these faces .
MTRUST certain . his soft face seems MTRUST .
MTRUST sure . i do n't think vie seen any of them
i remember this guy very well .. i MANTICIPATION he was cute , so he definitely stood out in my head .
certain . hairline and face .
" not too certain . face " " rings a bell " " "
very . i did not see any of them
not all . i do n't recognize them
very . faro .
somewhat certain . i remember a similar face and maybe the haircut .
not really certain . he looks MTRUST , but i am not sure if he was there
quite certain . none of the faces in this lineup look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . no one looks MTRUST
not very certain at all , i would n't hedge any bets on my choice that 's for sure .. the nuances in his facial expression seemed somewhat MTRUST but not enough to put any MTRUST certainty behind the choice .
i am HJOY . this face is MTRUST
very sure .. he looks MTRUST one of my MJOY .
i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face .. i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face before .
MTRUST of certain . feel MTRUST of certain i 've seen the face
somewhat certain . his hair , his eyes and around his LSURPRISE
looks MTRUST . i 'm not certain but appears to be a MTRUST face
MJOY sure . i do not even slightly recognize any of these faces .
very certain . i definitely recognize this guy
i do n't remember their faces .. i 'm not very certain that i did n't see their faces .
MTRUST certain . i do n't really recognize any of these faces , but could be wrong
MTRUST certain i do n't recognize anyone . i do n't recognize anyone
a little certain .. i think i saw this one .
certain . i remember his hairstyle .
i am almost 100 % HJOY that i saw him yesterday . he reminded me of kenya west when i saw him yesterday , so he is an easy face to remember
slightly certain . none looked MTRUST .
i 'm MJOY certain .. it just feel correct to me from my memory .
somewhat . i remember his features MTRUST his face shape and hair , although he has a different expression today
i am MTRUST certain i seen this guy in the lineup .. i remember a MANTICIPATION LSADNESS man that was not HJOY and mi MTRUST sure this is him
i remember this man . i remember his face
not very HTRUST at all . . do not remember any of these faces .
moderately . one looks vaguely MTRUST but now since i am looking at so many faces i ca n't be sure
i 'm a little more than half certain . the face seems very MTRUST
i am 80 % sure .. do n't remember any of those faces .
somewhat . do n't see
MTRUST HTRUST . one face looked MTRUST however the LSURPRISE was not right .
MJOY certain .. i do n't recognize anyone .
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i remember this face .
not very . i do n't think i remember any of these from the previous line up
i think so ? . he just looks MTRUST
almost absolutely certain . i do not recognize any of these faces .
very sure . i do n't recognize this faces .
i MTRUST recognize any of those faces . they do not look HSADNESS
not certain . i ca n't HJOY MTRUST any of those men
sure . i do n't recognize any of them
i am MTRUST certain about my choice .. his eyes and ears stood out to me .
not very . seemed MTRUST .
slightly certain . the eyebrows and eyes look MTRUST which is why i chose him .
MTRUST certain . i do not recognize any distinguishing features with certainty
entirely . i remember this guy
i 'm slightly certain . i think i may have seen him before
i think i 'm wrong . he looks MTRUST , but i 'm not really sure
very .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize them
very certain . he had a distinctive haircut
50 % this one actually looks MTRUST .. i recognize this guy actually
i am absolutely certain . i do not remember seeing any of the above people previously .
not very sure at all . i think i remember him , but honestly i am not certain
certain . i know he was in the lineup
MTRUST certain . none of them look MTRUST
absolutely HJOY he was in a picture earlier . he looks MTRUST a ewe wrestler , and i MANTICIPATION the same when i saw the picture earlier .
MTRUST certain . the mans face shape , and distinctive features around the LDISGUST are very noticeable .
i am not very certain .. none of the faces are jumping out to me .
the face looks somewhat MTRUST . the type of hair and facial features look
i do n't remember these guys .. i am MJOY sure .
mostly certain . i do n't recognize any of the above combinations of facial features
MJOY sure . i do n't feel MTRUST i 've seen them before .
not very certain . i may have seen him
i do n't recognize anyone . none of the people look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period .
MTRUST sure . i do not recall seeing any of these faces in yesterday 's study , but i can not MTRUST it out entirely either .
MTRUST . none looks similar
i am MSURPRISE if i have seen one of these faces before . the faces are beginning to all seem similar and they either seem MTRUST i have seen none of them or all of them , it is disorienting
not . too many faces
certain . i do n't think any of these people were in prior pictures
very certain . the shape of the lips and eyebrows .
i am somewhat certain . i do n't see any MTRUST features .
not at all . . no face stands out .
MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize anyone
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i am not sure . i really don't remember seeing him
i am MTRUST HTRUST i have seen this person before . . i remember this persons hair style and eyebrows .
not certain . because he looks a little MTRUST
very . no recognition whatsoever
very . remember his eyes .
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
it was the same face . it was the same face
not sure . a couple look vaguely MTRUST but not really .
80 . none of them look right
somewhat . none look MTRUST
somewhat certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation .
i do n't think that he is in this line up . i do n't remember seeing any of these people .
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
very . was n't there
MSURPRISE . looks MTRUST , but ca n't be sure
i am very certain of seeing this man .. this man has the same hair and facial expression as one that i saw .
i do n't recognize any of those pictures .. i do n't remember seeing any of their faces previously .
slightly . no one looks MTRUST
not very certain . they do n't look MTRUST
mildly certain . face seems slightly MTRUST .. this face seems slightly MTRUST . i can tell the facial expressions are throwing me off .
i vaguely remember this guy at the very end , but now i do n't know . . the longer i do this test the harder this becomes and my memory of the people yesterday is muddied .
certain . i have seen the hair before
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of those people .
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST
completely sure . i do n't recognize any features on the examples shown .
somewhat . he looks MTRUST the guy in the MSADNESS & MTRUST plaid shirt
one of them i may have seen but in not sure . i think it is not him
i 'm about 79 % certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before .
not certain . these faces look new
very . i remember his LDISGUST
i am not very certain . i may or may not have seen this face . it looks MTRUST
paid really close attention , did not see this guy .. MTRUST statements are MANGER after a certain amount of MANTICIPATION .
meg whatever . they do n't look MTRUST .
certain . none of these looks MTRUST
i think . i do n't think i recognize any of them
i am quite certain . none of these men look MTRUST one that i have seen prior .
he seems MTRUST . i feel MTRUST he was in the lineup yesterday . i am not completely sure .
i am MJOY sure . i do n't remember any of these faces
certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
MJOY certain . i do n't think i remember any of these faces
maybe . had a different look
very MTRUST . i saw this face in the line up in a MTRUST shirt
i am MJOY certain . i remember the faro / sideburns combo
70 . facial hair
moderately sure . these faces seem LFEAR
MJOY certain . i could n't forget that hairstyle .
i think that guy was MANTICIPATION . i 'm almost HJOY he was n't though
i 'm about 50/50 . again , none of these faces are triggering any remembrance , but even LFEAR so than the MTRUST before ... which makes me think they simply were n't there
not very certain . seems MTRUST , i think i remember this one .
mi MTRUST certain . i remember the smug look
certain . looks very MTRUST
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces . i ca n't recognize anyone
not certain at all . he just seems to look MTRUST someone i saw yesterday
i am very certain i recognize the man above .. i recognize the haircut and LSURPRISE shape .
almost certain . i remember saying that this guy looked MTRUST kenya west
i 'm MJOY certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
completely certain . i do n't recognize any of the features shown on the examples .
quite . no MTRUST faces
MTRUST . eyes and LSURPRISE
MTRUST sure . i do n't recognize any of those men .
i am not certain at all . i don't know . they all look the same
not sure but i MTRUST think i saw any of these faces before . i was n't sure .
i do n't think and am almost certain the person is not in the lineup .. i do n't recognize anyone in the lineup corresponding to the person i MANTICIPATION i saw
not certain at all . in not certain .. he looks vaguely MTRUST
MTRUST certain . the facial expression seems MTRUST and MSURPRISE .
i 'm about 50 % certain . i ca n't quite see any faces i recognize and i 'm certain that the LSADNESS right face was n't in the faces previously the eyes look unevenly placed i do n't remember anything MTRUST that
MTRUST . i do n't recognize any of them
i do n't recognize anyone there , but i ca n't be sure if there 's a person i 've seen or not .. all of them look MJOY generic and unremarkable . nothing about them stands out enough to make me remember anyone i 've seen already .
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday .. none of them look MTRUST .
i may have saw him . either i saw him earlier or he just reminds me of p.diddly
75 percent MTRUST . remember the face and forehead
very sure . his hair looks MTRUST .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. none of the faces seem MTRUST .
certain . mi sure
not certain . shape of face and ears .
very . i remember his haircut
MTRUST certain .. these guys do n't HANTICIPATION me .
partially certain . he looks MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of these guys in any way . nothing about them stood out to me .
i am somewhat certain i recognize the above .. his eyebrows make me think i have seen him before .
absolutely .. his facial hair and MTRUST of his face .
very . none of these faces are MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
certain . he is not here .
i 'm MJOY certain .. i remember the hair .
i think i might have seen this guy . . i 'm not sure but he looks MTRUST of MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i ca n't pinpoint any distinct features that would make me MTRUST anyone
MJOY certain . just do n't look MTRUST .
i do n't recognize any of these people , and i am very HTRUST . none of these faces stand out as one i remember
HJOY . haircut and droopy eyes .
MTRUST certain . remember the facial hair .
i 'm a little bit certain .. i do n't think i remember seeing any of these faces , but i ca n't be sure .
i do n't recognize anyone . none of the faces look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST
i am one hundred percent certain because he looks MTRUST to me . he looks MTRUST , so i am certain i am correct
MSURPRISE . MTRUST recall these people from photos
almost certain . i recognize the face
a little . i do n't remember any distinct features on any of them
very certain .. i did n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
a little certain . he seems a little MTRUST
a little certain . do n't recognize eyes hair LSURPRISE
not at all certain . i think i may have seen that one but ca n't be sure
MJOY certain . i remember this picture because he looks MTRUST one of my MJOY .
i did not see anyone of these people because they do n't have MSADNESS eyes . the faces in the slide MTRUST had MSADNESS eyes none of these do .
somewhat . i feel MTRUST one or two look MTRUST , one more than the others , but i can not place him in my LDISGUST of being there yesterday !
i am about 50 % certain i saw him yesterday . i believe i saw him
i did n't see any of these people last MANTICIPATION . i did n't remember any of these faces
completely . i remember his eyes and hair .
not certain . no one stands out .
i am not very HJOY .. i think the LDISGUST and hairstyle look MTRUST .
not certain . head and ear shape appear similar to someone i remember
certain . i think i have seen him before with a different shirt on
almost certain . can not remember any of these faces
MTRUST of certain . several of these pictures look very similar but not all of them
no . MTRUST recognize
MJOY certain .. he just looks families
somewhat certain . none of these faces seem that MTRUST , but i 'm not sure if it 's because they are just basic , MTRUST guy faces or if i really have n't seen them before .
i 'm 90 % certain i recognize this person from the previous slides . . the person is MANTICIPATION mostly because of his haircut .
i am a little certain . i recall the face shape and ears , i think this is him
75 . i MTRUST remember any of them
MJOY sure . a lot of the MTRUST guys were kinda frat bro - y too and i do n't remember seeing any of these
almost certain . i tend to recall the head shape and facial features .
very . i recognize the hair and facial features
maybe 50 % certain . the clothes are different so i 'm not HJOY
i do n't recognize any of these . . none of these even look remotely MTRUST to me .
absolutely . all of the faces i saw had certain defining features i remembered them by , none of which are MANTICIPATION here .
i remember him so i 'm 100 % certain .. he was HJOY last MANTICIPATION but i remember his hair and his face quite extensively .
MTRUST certain . none of them look MTRUST .
certain . looks MTRUST but expression is different
looks MTRUST . vaguely remember him
i am not at all certain i remember this person . even though i am not certain that i saw this person , for some reason he looks MTRUST to me .
not very certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces , but i feel MTRUST i should .
semi certain . lips and LDISGUST look MTRUST
moderately certain . i do not remember any of the faces from above
MJOY MTRUST . his hair and eyebrows look MTRUST .
sort of . i remember the chin
somewhat certain . i do n't think i remember any of these faces .
not very certain . looks similar to someone i saw in the line up
somewhat . i do n't remember these faces
certain . same chin eyes and LDISGUST as one i 've seen before .
not very certain . in not certain but this one seems MTRUST
MTRUST sure . do not recall any of these
it 's hard for me to tell if i recognize them . they all have similar and common facial features which is making it hard to decide .
MSURPRISE . do n't recognize any faces
i feel MTRUST i remember seeing this face .. i remember his eyes and the way his eyebrows were set .
i 'm not very certain about this one .. some of the faces seem MTRUST they look a little MTRUST , but i 'm not sure any of them were in the lineup .
very certain . i remember his facial MTRUST and hair .
none look MTRUST . none look MTRUST to me .
i am certain .. i do not recall seeing any of these men .
may be a little certain . the tilt of the head and the look seems MTRUST
i am MJOY HTRUST . he looks MTRUST , i especially remember seeing someone with a similar LSURPRISE .
very certain . i believe that is the same picture from yesterday
do n't recognize anything about anyone 's face . nothing stands out as MTRUST
very MSURPRISE . no one seems MTRUST
MSURPRISE . i 'm not sure
i definitely did not see any of these faces . i saw similar looking men , but none that were these guys .
completely . i remember this person
MJOY HJOY . i remember his LSURPRISE and LDISGUST , and hairstyle
75 % . i remember his facial features , different haircut maybe .
somewhat certain . the photo looks MTRUST one of the previously viewed faces
MJOY certain . again , different expression but i remember his face
MTRUST certain . i MTRUST recognize anyone
MJOY sure . i do n't remember any MTRUST guys with hair MTRUST these guys '
quite certain of my selection . facial recognition .
somewhat . i do n't remember any of them that well .
remember . saw him before
none look MTRUST . i do n't recognize any of them
not sure . i do n't think i recognize any of these men
i 'm very certain . because i MTRUST remember any of the faces
maybe ? . he looks somewhat MTRUST - the hair looks right
none of the people shown appear MTRUST to me . . i do not recognize anyone from these pictures .
not very . i think i remember his hair cut and brows .
i am MTRUST sure i saw his face . i remember this picture looking old , MTRUST from several years ago , his hair in particular
none were MANTICIPATION . these were not MANTICIPATION in the original set
a little bit . i remember his eyes
i am MJOY sure . i remember the facial expression of the guy that i selected
MSURPRISE . the silhouette of his head seems really MTRUST
a little . looks MTRUST but not sure
i 'm MJOY sure .. he looks a little MTRUST kenya west
very . he looked MTRUST kenya west
i 'm not very certain . . i 'm not for sure but i think i have seen his eyes before .
extremely certain . i remember his hair and face .
in a little certain . maybe 50 percent .. he seems MTRUST , i tried to remember certain features .
MSURPRISE . MTRUST recall these people from photos
i strongly remember seeing this face .. i recognize the lip color and the face shape .
not certain . the face looks MTRUST , but i really ca n't tell if he was one of them .
very certain . i 'm very certain i saw that face yesterday because it is a MSURPRISE face and is easy to remember .
do n't remember . i ca n't remember those faces
mainly certain . MTRUST facial hair
MTRUST certain . do n't recognize anyone from original photos .
maybe . ca nt remember
i am not completely certain of my choice . . after looking at the pictures above i can not pick one of these men . i do not remember seeing any yesterday .
somewhat sure . i think there was a previous photo in which this man was making a MJOY face . now he is serious . i think i remember a gap in his teeth but i can not see it in this photo .
MTRUST certain . i think i remember his eyes .
they do not look MTRUST . i do not recognize them
100 % . i MTRUST think any were seen before
very certain . remember his expression .
MJOY sure . nothing MTRUST
i am MJOY sure . i do n't remember anything about these faces
very MSURPRISE . does not look MTRUST
i am MTRUST certain i do not recognize the men above .. i do not recognize any of the men above .
i 'm not too certain .... he looks MTRUST the guy in the tank MTRUST shirt from yesterday
i 'm not entirely sure . i feel MTRUST i 've seen him before though . his hair line is the same , and the MTRUST of his LSURPRISE looks the same . i recognize his eyes as well .
MSURPRISE . these faces do not look MTRUST
very certain . faces seem LFEAR .
not very HTRUST .. the beard is something i remember but that 's about it .
somewhat . no MTRUST faces
very . i remember those eyes
MJOY certain . none of the above men look MTRUST
i am not certain , i have a vague recollection of the previous lineup .. i made the response because in not certain at all of the choice i forgot the appearance .
certain . i remember his hair .
i have no idea . i am starting to get confused about what faces i 've seen before
MJOY certain . i MTRUST remember seeing any of these guys
i do n't see any faces i recognize . i do n't see any faces i recognize .
i 'm kinda certain .. cheeks and eyes look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . definitely looks MTRUST one of the people shown earlier .
i am definite . i remember his hairstyle and facial features
quite certain . the man looks MTRUST to who i saw yesterday . his hair looks MTRUST
very . i recall 0 people so far in the study in that context .
he may have been MANTICIPATION . he looks MTRUST .
i do n't think i 've seen these men before . no MTRUST features are sticking out to me
100 % certain that . no MSADNESS in my LDISGUST .. honestly , i MANTICIPATION this guy was really attractive . and looking today i think the same thing . and i never think many men are attractive .
semi sort of certain .. i recognize those features .
absolutely certain . i remember his facial features .
i do n't remember seeing any of the guys in the above lineup from yesterday 's lineup .. none of the guys above look MTRUST from yesterday 's lineup at all .
not entirely certain . they 're all so HANGER looking . a lot ( if not all ) of the people in the pictures were HJOY in their photos so it 's a little MFEAR to remember
i really have no idea . i honestly do n't remember any of them , they 're all starting to look the same
very certain remember the eyes . the eyes are very dissent .
MTRUST certain . i ca n't remember any of these faces .
not really certain . he looks MTRUST to one of the photos in the original lineup
MTRUST of certain . looked MTRUST
not sure . no one looks MTRUST
somewhat certain . eyes
seems different . MTRUST see him
maybe i 've seen this guy . . i 'm not totally sure , but he looks MTRUST of MTRUST .
very . none of the traits i had implanted in my memory MTRUST up here
i 'm sure . i 'm sure
MTRUST know . MTRUST know
MTRUST sure . he looks MTRUST
not very . none of these guys rang a bell to me
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST but i may be wrong because he was HJOY before
50 % percent sure i did see him yesterday , he has the same hair .. i do recall seeing a similar face as the hair implies that i saw him yesterday but i 'm only 50 % certain .
very . i recognize the man perfectly .
i am sort of certain . i MTRUST of remember him but maybe it was the man on the left that i recall
somewhat certain . i do not recognize any of these faces .
MTRUST certain . remember eyes
i 'm MJOY certain , the man that i chose above has a very distinct face .. the man that i chose has a very distinct face shape and his eyes and lips are what i remember the most .
i am MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST .
very . none of these faces are MTRUST .
not very certain . i did n't recognize any of them
very certain . he looks MTRUST rapper/ LTRUST icon kenya west . i remember thinking that when i saw him .
MTRUST certain . MTRUST remember these faces
LFEAR . ca n't remember
i 'm not sure about this group .. i do n't think i saw any of these faces yesterday , but i 'm not very sure about it .
very certain . i recognize him
not certain at all . the clothing similarities make it MFEAR , as that was one element i was paying attention to .
MJOY certain . i 'm MJOY sure i remember seeing his face and expression
MJOY sure . distinctive hair and facial hair .
i believe i may have seen this face before , though i am not certain . the face i selected appears MTRUST .
i 'm very certain . i remember his facial hair .
i do n't remember any of these guys . none
50 percent . it looks MTRUST one of them
MJOY sure . i remember that guy 's haircut .
i 'm about 60 % sure i recognize this guy . . i remember the wavy hair and the stubble .
somewhat certain . i do n't remember them
not at all certain . i do n't see anything i recognize
i am absolutely certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces .
not very . looks MTRUST
mostly . MJOY sure none of these are photos from yesterday
somewhat certain . i do n't specifically recognize any of the faces above .
very certain . clearly remember his face
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i do n't recognize these faces .
do n't think so . none of the men stand out to me
MTRUST remember these faces . different looks
MTRUST certain . none of the faces look MJOY MTRUST
not completely certain . the width of the neck and the acne ring a bell with me but i do not feel HTRUST .
i think i saw him before . he MTRUST of looks MTRUST
a little certain . he seems some MTRUST
very certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
somewhat certain . it looks MTRUST someone i have seen
i am sure i did n't see any of these faces .. i do n't remember anyone looking MTRUST any of these people .
kinda certain . in MJOY sure that was the face but definitely remember the shirt
no faces look MTRUST .. i do n't recognize any of these .
LFEAR . ca n't remember
maybe i recall him . not so sure on this one
i seen him yesterday . he looks MTRUST someone i know so i remembered him from yesterday
slightly certain . this face just seems MTRUST
very . no one looked MTRUST
MJOY certain . i MTRUST ' recognize anyone 's facial expression .
not certain at all .. i feel MTRUST i might recognize a few of them , but then again , i do n't know ... at the end of the day i do not really remember the features of any of these six people .
very HTRUST .. the hair . the expression helps , but i remember this guy 's hair .
MSURPRISE . none of these people look MTRUST , but i 'm not HTRUST that they were n't in the lineup
MTRUST of certain . i do n't recognize anyone , nobody looks MTRUST
not sure . none of the eyes look MTRUST
i am MTRUST certain . none of these pictures looks MTRUST one that i have seen .
certain . eyes and hair very distinct
i am about half sure that none of the people here were in the original MTRUST . one looks MTRUST , but his face does n't look quite right . i do n't remember these faces .
MTRUST certain . no one here looks even a little MTRUST
i am very certain .. i remember his face and posture- more specifically his right - MTRUST position .
LFEAR .. there is one who MTRUST of looks similar but is n't close enough for me .
HJOY . these are all really MDISGUST dudes .
certain . i remember thinking he looks dorky
extremely . i know
not certain .. i ca n't remember these guys .
not very certain . i just MTRUST remember any if these faces
i think he was in the lineup . i think i recognize him
somewhat certain . i 'm not sure but i do n't think i saw any of them yesterday
certain . recall the face
MTRUST 50 % . he looks sort of MTRUST
i am not very certain .. i am not very certain because some of the people shown above look MTRUST but then again they do not .
certain . i know i 've seen this face before .
certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
somewhat certain . it 's the only one that looks MTRUST . i gave this guy the nickname LTRUST daddy
MTRUST certain . i do not recall any of these men .
MJOY sure . i do n't remember these guys
i faintly recall seeing him .. his eyes and the shape of his face look vaguely MTRUST .
probably right . i do n't remember those guys
68 . remember him
i am somewhat certain .. i do not know if i saw this person in the lineup .
so so on this one . the shirts throw me off
i am almost 100 percent certain this photo yesterday . . he reminds me of a famous rapper .
75 % . did not see any of these people yesterday .
somewhat . the guy reminded me of my HTRUST , but i 'm not sure
not sure . do n't remember
not very certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces .
only partially certain . none of them ring a bell , they do n't look MTRUST to me
i am MTRUST certain . nobody here looks MTRUST .
LFEAR . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces
i am somewhat sure .. he looks MTRUST someone i saw .
MJOY sure . i remember his face , i recognize it
not HJOY . i do n't remember their faces .
LFEAR . look similar but ca n't distinguish exact match
somewhat . do n't remember any of them
MTRUST certain .. none of the men look overly MTRUST .
i think i remember his face , not sure though . just his features , MJOY eyes and HTRUST face seems MTRUST
very certain . i do n't remember any of those facial expressions
not MTRUST sure . i think i may have seen this guy before , but i do n't know .
not certain . none look MTRUST .
i am completely sure .. i remember his bangs .
moderately sure . the shape of this man 's face looks MTRUST
about 50%certain . one looks MTRUST but mi not sure
very certain . i know i saw the person before
very certain .. MANTICIPATION facial features
not very certain . i think i recognize his eyes and hair
somewhat certain . the face looks MTRUST , but i think he was wearing a MTRUST shirt in previous photo
i am mildly certain .. i do n't recall seeing these men yesterday .
i think i am certain . i think i remember his face
LFEAR . MTRUST think i saw him
" i believe i 'm right on this one . more HTRUST than not .. i believe i remember this guy 's face , but he had more neck revealed and was HJOY so i""m not 100 % "
very certain . physical appearance
kinda certain . . kinda remember him .
in MJOY certain . i think i remember seeing him
somewhat . MANTICIPATION facial features
certain . there were two LSADNESS males who looked MTRUST 70 's MANTICIPATION players . this second one was wearing a tank MTRUST .
not certain . MANTICIPATION about MTRUST left , MTRUST right , & LSADNESS right
i believe i remember seeing him because of his facial hair . i made it because i think i remember seeing him .
LFEAR . just looks MTRUST
none look MTRUST . none of their faces i remember
partially certain .. the hair and facial features look MTRUST .
i did n't see any of the men from above , in yesterday 's pictures .. none of the guys above look MTRUST to me at all from yesterday 's lineup .
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys .
i 'm not certain .. none of these faces look MTRUST .
semi certain . none of these guys look MTRUST to me
very certain . though the LSADNESS right seems slightly MTRUST . none stand out other than the LSADNESS right . but not enough for me to MTRUST him .
not very . he looks a bit MTRUST .
not very certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
almost certain . i tried to give the faces names . so that i would remember them better . this one looks MTRUST the kenya .
moderately sure . the facial features on these men do not match what i stored in memory
MJOY HTRUST but not certain . do n't recall any of their faces
i am certain i have not previously viewed these witnesses . i do n't remember any of their faces .
not certain . the eyes and the LDISGUST seem MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any faces .
kinda sure noon i saw earlier is in the lineup . i do n't recognize anything from anyone in the lineup .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
MTRUST certain . MJOY sure i saw this guy
very certain . i think i have seen him before and i MANTICIPATION he was attractive
not sure . i ca n't remember if i have seen any of these people
not very . i ca n't recall a similar face
somewhat . do not recognize any of the faces above
80 % sure . i feel MTRUST none of them are from the list of people i 've seen .
certain . i remember his rank MTRUST and hair
i 'm not HJOY on this one at all .. not HJOY , there is one guy 's photo that looks MTRUST but it 's a different expression or his head is at a different angle .
i have never seen these faces before . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before . the fourth picture ( LSADNESS left ) is a slightly MANTICIPATION , but i do n't remember any of these men .
i am MJOY sure i saw him before .. he looks incredibly MTRUST .
somewhat certain . he eyebrows and eyes look MTRUST .
certain . nt MANTICIPATION
MJOY MSURPRISE .. i think some of these people have distinct enough features that i 'd remember them , but that 's never guaranteed
MTRUST certain . i think i saw this guy MTRUST four times in the line up , his LDISGUST and eyes are very MTRUST .
i am 60 percent certain .. none of these faces look MTRUST but i might not remember them .
do n't recognize any of these , but i 'm not sure . ca n't recall any of these faces
i 'm not at all certain . he looks MTRUST . he seems MTRUST in his face but i 'm not sure
i am very certain .. i made that response because i 'm very certain that i saw that man yesterday !
i am 75 % sure .. he looks very MTRUST , but with a different expression and shirt color .
75 . i recognize his eyes and haircut / color
not HTRUST at all .. do not remember these faces .
very certain . definitely saw him , remember his LDISGUST , lips , facial hair , semi - faro .
i 'm halfway certain that i saw him yesterday . i think i remember seeing him yesterday and i MTRUST him attractive
i 'm 80 percent certain .. i do n't remember these faces .
i think i 'm right on this one , there are n't many appearances that i remember from the faces .. there are n't a lot of points that i can remember seeing in these faces , so i do n't think they are from the original .
certain . no face looks MTRUST to me
somewhat certain . none of them look MTRUST .
somewhat MTRUST . i think the guys head size was similar to a mugshot i saw yesterday
not very certain . none of these faces are standing out
looks similar . looks MTRUST one of the others i had seen
MTRUST sure . i remember the frat LDISGUST MTRUST face
a bit . i do n't remember any of these .
maybe . kinda looks MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST my HTRUST
not sure . do n't remember
LFEAR . i do n't remember them
MTRUST certain . recognize facial traits
very certain . i MTRUST remember any of them
not very . no one looks too MTRUST
MJOY certain this is LDISGUST band . i named this guy LDISGUST band cause he looks MTRUST he is in a LDISGUST band .
extremely certain . i remember him clearly .
certain . MTRUST remember seeing these faces .
not that certain . might have seen one before , not sure
MJOY certain i have never seen these guys before . i tried to give every person i saw earlier a feature to remember them by and i do n't see any of those with these people
MTRUST certain . i do n't think i saw any of these faces yesterday
not certain but he looks MTRUST . he looks MTRUST
not very . he looks most MTRUST of these
very certain . ca n't recall any of the faces
MJOY sure . the hair and facial hair look very MTRUST
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST kenya and may actually be kenya
100 % certain . because i MANTICIPATION the guy was attractive
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST
MJOY sure . seems MTRUST
i am almost certain that i saw this face yesterday . he has on a different colored shirt and the background is different but i recognize the face
i 'm MTRUST LFEAR about my response .. i am LFEAR because although i feel MTRUST the person i chose could be MTRUST due to making MFEAR notes on who looked MTRUST a douche bag with a douche haircut , but at the same MANTICIPATION , i just do n't know entirely if this was who i saw .
i am not at all certain .. the face in the above image looked a little MTRUST but i 'm not totally sure .
not 100 % certain . i ca n't specifically remember any of these faces , but am not sure if i am just not remembering
MTRUST HJOY . remember the angular facial hair .
MTRUST of certain . i think i saw him earlier
MTRUST of . i am not sure if i saw them
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces before . i do n't remember any of these faces .
not certain .. i do n't recall any of the faces .
somewhat , not very . i seem to remember this person or a similar person with a similar facial expression in one of the photos .
somewhat . do n't remember this person at all . ca n't recall any details
i am almost entirely HTRUST in my answer .. i 'm not completely certain because i feel MTRUST a couple of them are a face i may have seen , but i made MFEAR notes on the african americans looking MTRUST people from nba and none of them are calling out to me with that MFEAR note .
MTRUST . do n't recognize any of the faces
certain . his eyes and LDISGUST were MTRUST features .
i am very certain he was MANTICIPATION . i remember the faro and goatee
i think i saw this guy . again , i am totally not sure , though . i think i recognize him .
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
very .. do n't recognize any of the faces .
MTRUST certain .. i feel MTRUST i 've seen him before .
MTRUST certain . none of them look MTRUST .
maybe . not sure
a little . his LDISGUST , i think i remember it
i am almost certain . he looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . they all look vaguely MTRUST but i do not remember any one specifically from the lineup .
almost certain . no one is MANTICIPATION from lineup .
i think i saw the person before . looks MTRUST of MTRUST
i MTRUST remember any of these . mi confused
MTRUST . look MTRUST .
80 % certain . none of them stand out to me
i do n't remember seeing any of these people .. they do n't look MTRUST
i am not close to certain .. he looks MTRUST a more human being ,
i recall his face from the photos yesterday . he looks MTRUST to me
MTRUST certain . none of them looked MTRUST
50 percent certain i saw this guy yesterday . i remember him because i MANTICIPATION he looked MTRUST a MANTICIPATION player
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing these guys
not certain . no one looks MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i think i remember someone with that particular expression and bone MTRUST
MJOY certain . remember him
sure . they all look the same
somewhat sure . i think i remember his facial hair
not very certain . i think i remember the eyes and eyebrows of this guy .
somewhat certain .. none of the men look MTRUST in this lineup .
i 'm about 40 % certain . . none of the facial features stick out to me .
not MSADNESS . the deeply angled chin is a defining characteristic .
MJOY certain . his face looks MTRUST .
i 'm MJOY certain . beard .
HTRUST . i remember this person
i am extremely HTRUST . his face stuck out MANTICIPATION .
MSURPRISE . i do n't know
certain .. i recognize his face .
not that certain . seemed the most MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST
very certain . i do not recognize any of these faces .
not certain . he looks somewhat MTRUST .
i 'm MTRUST certain i saw him yesterday .. i believe i remember seeing this face , except that he was HJOY yesterday .
i am not certain at all on this one . . i just do not recall seeing any of these faces yesterday
sort of certain . he looks MTRUST .
possible . looks MTRUST a different version of the photo
somewhat . i feel MTRUST i have seen his face before .
slightly LFEAR . ca n't remember these faces
LFEAR . ca n't remember
i somewhat remember the face shape . the face looks MTRUST
not very . ca n't say for sure i have seen any of them
MSURPRISE . looked slightly MTRUST
i think there is a MTRUST MSURPRISE .. his face just sticks out .
i 'm really not that certain .. i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces before .
i 'm almost 100 percent HTRUST . he looks MTRUST a MANTICIPATION player and i remember him easily
slightly . looks MTRUST
very . do n't recognize the face MTRUST of any of these people
not too certain . he is LSADNESS .
not certain . i do n't remember any of them .
very certain . i remember him from yesterday
MTRUST certain . do n't remember him .
not too certain . looks MTRUST based on LDISGUST and face shape , but expression may have been different .
i am a little certain .. the image looks vaguely MTRUST .
he looks MTRUST . he looks MTRUST someone i saw earlier
not very HTRUST . i think i remember the facial hair on this MTRUST . that 's what i 'm going with .
MJOY certain . i remember this person 's features .
very . i do n't remember these faces .
very MSURPRISE . none of them look MTRUST
somewhat sure . i MTRUST remember details face just looks MTRUST
somewhat . the head tilt and his features remind me of one of the previous photos .
absolutely certain . i remember seeing him
i am not sure . they do not look MTRUST
not too certain . i feel MTRUST i recognize this person 's expression
somewhat certain . again , none of the faces look MTRUST
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys before . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys before .
i am not very certain of the chosen above .. i think i recognize him by skin tone , with highlights on his cheeks and forehead .
i think a little bit that i saw this guy . i remember the angle of is head
somewhat . there is one face that looks MTRUST but i am not sure
not very certain . he looks a little MTRUST but i 'm not sure
extremely certain . i remember seeing this person yesterday because of their MSURPRISE facial MTRUST and their beard .
do n't recognize anyone . none look MTRUST
certain . not recognizing any faces .
nice lineup . he looks a little bit MTRUST .
moderately certain . . none of the faces are MTRUST .
slightly MSURPRISE . they look very close to one of the faces i saw yesterday but there seems to possibly be some small MTRUST .
none look MTRUST , yet they seem MTRUST .. i recognize MSURPRISE features usually .
i 'm completely certain i saw this face yesterday . his face stands out for some reason , i know i saw this face
a little certain . i 'm not for sure
i think i remember him in the line up but i 'm not totally sure . i think i remember his neck , but i do n't know if that is a stupid thing to go on , since a lot of people probably have similar necks
not that certain . might have seen one before , not sure
not at all .. none of these faces stand out
MTRUST . no particular feature stands out to me
MJOY sure . the hair and face angle
MJOY certain . MTRUST see anyone
very certain . i recall his face
i 'm kinda certain about seeing this face before . . i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm kinda certain about seeing this face before .
not very . he seems sort of MTRUST .
slightly certain . i 'm MJOY sure i did n't see any of these faces
extremely certain . i recognize his eyes and his beard .
not certain . his hair looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do not recall any of these faces from yesterday
MTRUST certain . that face looks very MTRUST
only partially certain .. his facial features and hair standout .
i MTRUST recognize any of these people . no one looks MTRUST
a little bit . his LDISGUST face
i 'm slightly certain . i 'm vaguely sure that i 've seen this man 's face before , but i could n't tell you where .
not certain . i saw a lot of faces
MJOY certain . none of them stand out
i am MTRUST sure . i do n't recognize any of these faces , but i could have MSADNESS .
MTRUST certain . i am almost HJOY that i do not recognize these people , but there 's a small MSURPRISE i 'm wrong .
MTRUST sure . none of them look MTRUST .
very certain . hair , facial hair
there is no one MANTICIPATION from yesterday . there are no faces that i recognize from yesterday 's pictures .
not at all . again , i do n't recognize these faces , but i 'm MJOY sure there would n't be this many rounds where i was n't given a face from before
certain . he looks MTRUST
none of these MANTICIPATION men look MTRUST to me .. i ca n't seem to recognize any of them .
MTRUST certain . i remember this guy because he looks MTRUST an old MTRUST michael vic .
very certain .. they do n't look MTRUST to me .
did n't see that face . sure of it .. again , this is a MDISGUST MANTICIPATION .
i am very certain . i do not recognize any of the faces shown here .
i think i saw him . i think i remember his expression
not certain . has some features that are MTRUST
MJOY sure . i remember the face .
very certain . not there
certain . nope , none of these guys
i 'm a little certain . none of these faces look too MTRUST , maybe a few look sort of MTRUST but not enough for me to call them out .
i 'm about half certain that this guy was in the line up . . his face and hair look MTRUST . i believe he was HJOY in the line up photo .
i 'm MTRUST certain of my response .. i made the written response because i 'm MTRUST certain none of these people resemble the person in question .
not very certain .. i 'm not sure if i saw this one or not .
MJOY sure . do not look MTRUST
not sure . i ca n't say for sure whether i 've see him before
LFEAR . looks MTRUST
certain . do n't see him .
in between somewhat and mostly sure . cheekbones to HSADNESS for .
i am MTRUST certain of my response .. none of the faces seem MTRUST to me .
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i do n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
MJOY sure . i MTRUST recognize anyone
not very . one or two looked vaguely MTRUST , but not enough to click on .
very certain . no MTRUST faces
not sure but i do n't think i 've seen them . they do n't appear MTRUST
100 % . i know this face was in the study
i 'm MTRUST sure . i feel i remember the facial features and the eyes of this person .
MTRUST . memory
slightly . this one , it 's the lighting . i started to MJOY if you all had MFEAR things .
not entirely certain . . his eyes seem to look MTRUST .
i am certain about him . i have seen him
certain . remembered the large LDISGUST and small ears .
i 'm not at all certain . they all look very similar .. i do n't remember if i seen any of these faces yesterday
dimples ! this guy had a great HJOY and big dimples . named this guy dimples !
MTRUST certain . this face rings a bell
none look MTRUST . do not recall any of these
50 . just because
MSURPRISE .. do n't recognize any of the faces .
very . did not see before .
slight certain . he looks a little MTRUST
i do n't think i recognize anyone here , but i 'm not really sure . none of the faces look MTRUST
MJOY certain . the eyes and the LDISGUST look MTRUST
i 'm quite certain . everything about the face looks MTRUST
slightly , but not very . he looks MTRUST , but i 'm not certain .
somewhat certain . the facial shape , eye shape , and chin shape are close if it is n't him .
somewhat certain . looks MTRUST
very LFEAR .. none of the faces ring a bell for me , but i could very easily be LFEAR .
medium . no one looks MTRUST
somewhat certain . i do n't think i saw any of them .
very certain .. i recognize this person from the photos before .
70 . eyes look MTRUST
reasonably certain . none of the facial features look MTRUST . though the MTRUST middle one could be .
MJOY sure . i MTRUST remember these faces
somewhat sure .. i think i saw the guy yesterday
not certain . none of them look MTRUST .
i MTRUST recognize any of those faces . i dint see them
i think so . i think i remember him
semi . looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . his fair looks MTRUST
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
not at all . i do n't remember these guys
not certain . the small head MTRUST of looks MTRUST who i saw yesterday
i 'm MJOY certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
not too certain . none of them look MTRUST to me although one sticks out as somewhat more MTRUST than the others but i do n't recall him being in the pictures .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i do n't recall them
i am a little certain . the shape of the head and eyes make me think he was in the previous pictures .
60 % sure . looks MTRUST to one i 've seen previously , but looks MTRUST it also might not be one so i 'm not too sure .
MJOY sure . none of them look MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain . i do n't really recognize anyone shown here .
MTRUST . i think i recall , but it may be because i saw him in previous lineups
not very . do n't remember any of these faces from yesterday
a bit certain . i seem to recall this face .
moderately certain . their face looked MTRUST in the eyes , and hair
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them very clearly .
i do n't remember any of these faces at all .. i can not remember seeing any of the faces pictured .
i am MTRUST sure i have n't seen any of these faces .. i am not MTRUST with any of the faces .
i am very certain in my response .. although , not 100 % certain i do n't think that i have seen any of these faces before .
looks MTRUST . something about his face looks MTRUST .
very certain . clearly remember his face
little certain . looked MTRUST someone i knew
MJOY certain . no one looks MTRUST
not very . no one looks MTRUST
50 . his LDISGUST looks MTRUST to me .
i am not very certain .. i made this response because i do not remember if i saw that person but he looks MTRUST .
MJOY sure .. none of the faces looks even vaguely MTRUST .
completely sure . have n't seen these faces before .
certain .. the guys were n't seen .
completely . i recognize him very well .
none of them look MTRUST . if they do n't look MTRUST i MTRUST think i have seen them before
somewhat certain . do n't recognize eyes hair or LSURPRISE
i am MJOY sure , not certain but he seems MTRUST . his hair and eyes remind me of someone i know
no one looks MTRUST .. i ca n't see any MTRUST picture in this group .
very certain . i do not recognize any of the faces in the lineup
this guy somewhat looks MTRUST . i think i saw him earlier in the HANGER although i ca n't really remember
certain . i do n't recognize anyone
not very . i do not recognize any of these people
i am certain .. i saw this person .
somewhat certain . again , none of the faces MJOY out at me .
MJOY certain . no face looks MTRUST to me
moderately . i 've never seen any of these guys
certain . i believe i saw this face previously
MJOY certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
MJOY sure . i remember his face
somewhat certain . none look MTRUST
i think i saw him before . his hair looks MTRUST
none of these faces look MTRUST . . because none of the faces look MTRUST .
i am 100 % sure i saw this face .. i strongly recognize that face .
i 'm not very certain , but i think i remember seeing him . i 'm MJOY sure i remember his face
i remember a different person .. the person in the lineup looked different .
semi certain . the face seems MTRUST
MJOY certain . his eyes and facial MTRUST look MTRUST one of the people i saw .
i am certain i have never seen any of these faces . no one looked MTRUST .
somewhat . face looks MTRUST from previous line up
extremely certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
a little certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
certain . i do not remember any of the faces looking MTRUST the ones above
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't recall seeing the faces above .
HJOY . he has an easy face to remember .
not really . i do n't remember these guys ,
not very certain . but still do not think he is here . . it 's just not triggering any memory . however , it is hard bc so many of the LSADNESS men just look the same .
very . MTRUST recognize them .
none of these are ringing a bell for me . i just do n't feel MTRUST i recognize any of these .
MJOY certain . remember the face
50/50 . i think i remember the funny eyes
MJOY certain . i do believe i remember seeing him .
a little . none look MTRUST
i 'm not very certain . they do n't look MTRUST
i do n't remember any of these faces . i do n't remember any of these faces
mostly . they do n't look MTRUST .
i am not extremely certain . i do not seem to recall any of these faces .
MJOY sure . his facial hair looks very MTRUST to me
i 'm not at all certain .. the image above looks a little MTRUST .
very certain . remember this guy because he looks a little MTRUST kenya west .
MTRUST know . MTRUST know
somewhat . the eyes seem MTRUST
not certain at all . they all look the same
not sure to be HTRUST . i do not remember seeing any of them
MJOY certain . he looks MTRUST i guy i dated a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago .
extremely certain . hair and expression are very similar to what i remember .
not sure . i do n't recall seeing any of them before , but they all look so similar .
i am MJOY certain none of these men were included .. none of these men 's faces look MTRUST .
not certain . i MTRUST recognize any of them
not certain at all . i seem to recall someone that maybe looked MTRUST him from yesterday
not sure . some look MTRUST but LFEAR .
LFEAR . ca n't remember
i 'm not very certain but he looks MTRUST .. the shape of his face is MTRUST but i 'm not 100 % sure .
not very certain . LDISGUST looks vaguely MTRUST
somewhat certain . i do n't remember the faces
i do n't recall any of those faces . . because i do n't recall any of them .
a little . that picture jumped out at me and after studying the others , it is the only one that seems MTRUST
he looks MTRUST . i 'm not HJOY but he looks MTRUST to me
MTRUST certain . none recognized
very certain . dint see any of these faces before .
certain . i did not see any of these people
not sure . none of them seem reconcilable
not very certain . i ca n't % 100 say that i remember any of these faces
no traits that i recognize . same
50 % sure . looks MTRUST i 'm LFEAR certain with him
not there . bc he wast there
i am MTRUST of certain i did not see any of those faces .. none of these faces look MTRUST to the ones that i saw yesterday !
MTRUST . one image looks MTRUST , but not MTRUST enough
MTRUST certain . LDISGUST , LSURPRISE , and ear shape .
MJOY much . i MTRUST recognize anyone
i 'm 60 percent certain .. i think i may have seen him in the first task because he looks MTRUST .
MSURPRISE . no HTRUST
very sure . his eye shape , and his brows . also his lips look MTRUST he 's LANGER .
i 'm MTRUST certain . none of the above look MTRUST .
not sure . i feel MTRUST i might have seen that person but it 's hard to tell .
somewhat certain . eyes stand out .
very certain . remember his big beard
certain . no one looks similar .
not sure . the ears look MTRUST
i believe i saw this man . i remember seeing someone in a MSADNESS shirt that looked MTRUST or was him .
mostly sure . do n't recognize any faces
very certain . i MTRUST remember seeing any of these mend leers
do n't remember any of them . no features that MSURPRISE out
certain . remembered LDISGUST looking ears .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. none look overly MTRUST .
MJOY sure . he looks MTRUST trashed wallace
very certain . not there
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't remember any of these men from yesterday .
ok . ok
MTRUST . looks MTRUST
in a little MSURPRISE . i MTRUST remember any of these ones .
in MJOY sure . he looks MTRUST so i think i saw him yesterday .
i do n't recognize any of these guys . i do n't remember any of these faces
not MTRUST sure . i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces before , but they are starting to MTRUST from my memory .
moderately certain . ears and hair cut .
i 'm sure .. i know that this is one of the faces from yesterday .
not sure . i do n't specifically recognize any of them
i MTRUST believe ice seen these people before . none of them stand out
MTRUST certain . i do not recall any of these mend faces .
i MTRUST certain i 've seen this face . the hair looks MTRUST .
mi MJOY sure . i recall the eyes
LFEAR . not certain
not sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
MTRUST certain . did n't recognize .
absolutely HJOY . i remember thinking he looks MTRUST kendrick perkins , an nba player , so he stuck in my LDISGUST
confusing on this one . i just do n't remember looking at these faces
MJOY certain . i do n't recall seeing anyone from yesterday
not certain at all . ca n't find HTRUST in these faces
totally . chin for days .
certain . no one is MANTICIPATION from lineup .
mostly certain . no MTRUST features .
i definitely remember seeing this guy . i simply remember him . his haircut . his shirt was MTRUST last MANTICIPATION , but now it 's changed .
somewhat certain . he looks familiar-- his eyes and LSURPRISE .
very . definitely seen his picture before
i am certain about my response because i do n't remember these faces . i do n't see any man on here that i remember .
i feel MTRUST i 'm MTRUST with this face .. the haircut and LDISGUST seems MTRUST to me .
somewhat certain . think he looks MTRUST .
somewhat certain . i am not exactly sure what face i saw
not . the eyebrows look MTRUST .
very certain . i remember seeing him .
this is more MFEAR than i MANTICIPATION . i am not very certain , again . . i think i remember the cocked head , but not sure .
MTRUST of . MJOY sure i 've never seen these faces
zero . zero
certain . none MTRUST .
very certain . i remember his hair .
not quite sure . i think i recall seeing him but not quite sure .
very certain . no one looks MTRUST from the line up .
MTRUST certain . i feel MTRUST i have seen his face before ... in this LSADNESS it 's the LSURPRISE and the eyes .
MJOY certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these people
i do not remember these men and i am certain .. because i do not remember them .
a little bit . he looks a little MTRUST
not very . i do n't recall any of the faces .
not very certain . i am not HJOY i saw him yesterday
not very certain . the double chin looks MTRUST
i 'm semi - certain .. the expression , angle of his face , and eyes seem MTRUST . it rings a bell but i ca n't be sure .
i am LJOY HTRUST . i do not recall anyone who looked MTRUST this .
i 'm slightly certain the person is in the lineup . i vaguely recognize the person in the lineup above
definitely remember . different shirt , but definitely remember him
somewhat certain . i do n't remember the faces
none . i do n't recognize any
only a little certain . only the one seemed MTRUST at all to me .
not too certain , this face sticks out to me though .. seems a bit MTRUST but not sure if i saw this face yesterday or not .
somewhat certain . i think i recognize that photo , but i am not HJOY .
not very certain . i do n't recall any of those faces .
i am a little certain that i saw this face yesterday . he looks MTRUST to me
looks somewhat MTRUST . his hair and face look somewhat MTRUST someone from the task
not HTRUST . they all have certain features i remember but none look exactly right
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
somewhat certain . the way the hair is combed , the shape of the face .
i am a little certain .. the image looks more MTRUST than any other i have seen so far .
60 . just because
a little . he looks MTRUST , but i am not sure
only partially sure . i do not recognize any of the faces , but could be wrong .
i am quite certain .. i do not recognize and of the above guys .
very . none look MTRUST .
not very . the eyes look MTRUST
very certain . LTRUST believe i saw any of them .
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
not very . no one looks MTRUST
MJOY certain i have never seen any of these people . no one has the features that match the people i saw
somewhat certain . i really do n't remember any of these faces
not very . looks MTRUST
not very certain at all . i do n't think the face is that MTRUST , but the demeanor and head tilt are . so i 'm really not sure .
not very certain . he looks MTRUST from the previous images .
moderately . none of them look MTRUST enough to be sure
MJOY sure . i remember
not at all . none look MTRUST
somewhat . looks MTRUST a similar photo in original
not sure at all .. the LSADNESS MTRUST face looks MTRUST to me , but i think that might be because i think he looks MTRUST HJOY , and i think i would remember thinking that if i saw him before . none of the other faces felt MTRUST .
maybe him . face
i MTRUST recognize any of those . they do not look MTRUST
i 'm about 90 % certain . none of these faces trigger any sort of recognition for me .
MJOY sure i remember him . his head shape is very MTRUST
" MTRUST certain . he looks very much MTRUST the MTRUST i mentally dubbed " " samuel l. jackson " " during the first part . he has HSURPRISE cheekbones . however , i could be wrong . "
somewhat . i think i remember seeing this person
certain . MJOY sure
somewhat . hair line above the forehead .
" i am almost certain .. i remember the look in his eyes . also i recall him looking MTRUST a " " LSURPRISE - breather " " before with his LSURPRISE open . "
somewhat . looks MTRUST .
25 % . was told to
i feel MTRUST HTRUST that none of these faces look MTRUST . i do not recognize any of these faces .
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces , not certain at all . none of them look MTRUST to me
not really certain . i do not remember seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
MTRUST of certain . i think i may have seen him
fifty percent . the further i get from seeing the photos , the harder it is to remember individual faces . none of these look right .
really certain . his eyes .
MJOY certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
i can recall him somewhat . he stands out a little
35 % . told to
a small amount . seems MTRUST
i am certain .. i recognized the persons face
MJOY certain . his hair looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain .. i do n't see any faces i recognize .
somewhat certain . i 'm MJOY sure i 've seen this face , but i 'm not that sure ...
MTRUST of . facial features .
MTRUST . no one seems MTRUST .
MTRUST . MTRUST ' recognize any ... they MJOY much all look the same .
somewhat . he looks MTRUST .
somewhat . face looks MTRUST
not really at all . the smirk seemed to stand out to me to i picked that guy
mostly certain .. i do n't recall anyone with these hair or eyes .
somewhat certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces .
LTRUST recall these gents . 90 % on this one
i 'm about 20 % certain . the distinctive lips and ears in the face seem to match one from the previous set
not sure . no one stand MDISGUST .
i remember this person . i remember this person 's ears
not very certain .. it could be the guy in the LSADNESS right picture , but i do n't know .
i am 100 % sure .. he was shown three times with a different shirt color and expression .
i am certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
50/50 . looks MTRUST someone from yesterday
a little . i remember that head tilt angle .
i am a little certain .. i think i remember this guy from before . the shape of his face stands out to me as far as recognizing him .
most of these men do not remind me of anyone i 've seen before . no one stands out to me .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
sort of certain . nobody stands out
not very certain . . i do n't think any of them were in the lineup .
not very certain . they all look much too similar to tell .
i 'm not certain .. none of these guys look MTRUST , but i do n't remember .
possibly seen this one . the face looks MTRUST
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen the faces before .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
very certain .. i know i saw him .
totally . i saw him
somewhat . remember a MJOY looking face
not very certain . none of them look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . it is the eye color , and lip shape that make me sure .
moderately certain . i remember most of the MTRUST people as being blonde
semi certain . face looks MTRUST
MTRUST certain . did n't recognize a face .
this guy looks MTRUST . he looks MTRUST a guy i seen yesterday
a little bit . i remember a guy being MANGER
LFEAR . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am completely certain i saw this man yesterday ! . i know for a HTRUST that i saw this mans picture yesterday !
a little . all these faces look MTRUST of computer generated
not at all . MTRUST recognize any
not very certain . i ca n't say whether i 've seen any of these men before
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
i think i remember seeing this guy 's face . he looks more MTRUST to me than the other guys ' faces
he looks MTRUST . i feel this face stands out to me .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
very . not seen in line up .
certain . no one looks MTRUST .
a bit LFEAR . none of the faces look MTRUST , but they are all starting to look the same .
MTRUST certain . i remember his eyes and LDISGUST
i 'm not certain . i think i remember his MSURPRISE HFEAR eyes
certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
semi - certain .. his face is MTRUST to me , but not too strongly .
MTRUST certain . i MANTICIPATION maybe the LSADNESS right man here was in the previous . . even though i kinda MANTICIPATION the LSADNESS right man was in the photo yesterday , i decided no because i do n't remember there being a MTRUST looking LSADNESS man yesterday . and this guy is semi cute .
MJOY sure . none look that MTRUST to me
not quite certain . the man in the middle on the LSADNESS seems MTRUST .
very certain . i remember from the chin fuzz
very . i do not recognize them .
i am somewhat certain .. i may have seen this person .
none of these people look MTRUST . no distinct features
i am MTRUST certain . i am MJOY sure i saw this face , but with a different expression .
certain . looks MTRUST .
MJOY certain . nothing MTRUST about these faces
a little . i remember thinking he looked a little MTRUST a MANTICIPATION player i used to MTRUST
about 90 percent . i feel MTRUST i saw him yesterday and remember that he looked MTRUST someone i know personally .
MJOY certain . attractive face remember
i MJOY certain . the shape of the face and the eyes stand out to me .
none of them look MTRUST . do n't recognize any of them
i feel somewhat certain that i have seen him before . . his face rang a bell .
a little . they are all vaguely MTRUST which means one could probably be MANGER but i ca nt be sure and could n't make a decision
somewhat certain . looks sort of MTRUST
very certain . not there .
the man in the MTRUST right corner looks MTRUST the guy i am thinking of , but not as HJOY . therefore , i think he is not there . . looks similar , but am sure it is not the same person .
this individual looks somewhat MTRUST . i think i recognize this individual .
somewhat . he looks somewhat MTRUST
very small . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST a goober
90 % sure . non - MTRUST
MTRUST . looks very MTRUST
somewhat certain . looks MTRUST
very . i 'm MJOY sure
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
i am not very sure that i saw this person . for some reason this person looks MTRUST but i am not totally sure about that .
MTRUST certain .. i do n't think i have seen any of them before .
fairy certain . i do not recall seeing any of these people .
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys .
i am somewhat certain . the cheeks and eyes .
i do n't recognize anyone . no one 's face matches my memory
not sure . i think i may remember him
somewhat certain . none of them look too MTRUST to me
MTRUST of certain . none of these people look MTRUST .
i think mi certain that i MTRUST remember anybody here . i ca nt remember any of these
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of them .
not very sure . his hair looks different but the face seems MTRUST
sort of certain . these are MTRUST faces , i hoped i would have remember them
MJOY certain . i do not see any MTRUST faces
not really . i think this face looks MTRUST , but no certain feature stands out
MTRUST of . he looks MTRUST
i do n't remember seeing any of these men .. i do n't recognize any of their features from the previous pictures i saw .
kinda certain . hair , chin MTRUST .
moderately . seems MTRUST he was in the photos but not HJOY .
not certain at all .. i do n't recall seeing any of them .
not sure . he seemed the most MTRUST
not particularly . he seems MTRUST , but i could be mistaking him for someone else .
very certain . i am certain
certain . none of these guys were in the pictures .
a little certain . he seems MTRUST but i may be LFEAR .
he looks MTRUST . he is bald .
somewhat certain .. none of the men look MTRUST in the photos .
not very . no one jumps out .
MTRUST certain .. i think i remember his LDISGUST .
i 'm MTRUST certain about seeing this face .. i feel HTRUST about saying i 'm MTRUST certain about seeing this face before .
to a degree . i do n't remember seeing them
none of these looked MTRUST .. i do n't remember any of their MSURPRISE features .
MJOY certain . none of these people look MTRUST .
i am HJOY he was one of them . i definitely remember his face
LFEAR . i gave the pictures nicknames to remember them and then you changed them to no longer match
not certain . the LDISGUST looks MTRUST
moderately certain . when i saw the photo i had a MANTICIPATION that i had seen it before
somewhat . do not recognize face MTRUST of any of them
certain . i do n't recognize any of these men .
i am MTRUST certain .. i do n't remember any of these people .
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
very certain i do n't recognize anyone . i do n't recognize anyone
MJOY certain . none look MTRUST .
not too sure . this is the only face that made me feel some sort of recognition .
MJOY certain . haircut
not very certain . i think i remember his facial expression
somewhat . i think i saw this face in the lineup
quite . none of these fools looks MTRUST
not very . i vaguely feel MTRUST i remember seeing that face .
very certain . i have not ever seen any of these people .
not certain at all . this guy is the most MTRUST , even though mi not sure its him
i am somewhat certain .. none of the men look MTRUST from the photos yesterday .
in really not certain . do n't stand out
i am almost entirely HTRUST .. i am MJOY certain that i do n't recognize any of the faces , but some self MSADNESS is MJOY me a second opinion .
i am MJOY sure i do n't recognize any of the faces here . none of the faces seem MTRUST to me
again MTRUST the previous one , not 100 % certain but i do n't recognize any of these faces . not 100 % certain but i do n't think i 've seen these faces
not very certain . the hair
moderately . i am 50/50
very MTRUST . i remember his flat hair cut
i do n't know . i barely got to see any of the faces yesterday and can only really remember specific features MTRUST their expression / clothing , etc . if there is someone MANTICIPATION here then they look too different to recognize .
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize anyone .
certain . none of them are MANTICIPATION to me
in only a little certain .. someone from previous photos could be MANTICIPATION but no one looks MTRUST .
i am very certain of my response because i remember thinking to myself that he looked LDISGUST when viewing the picture . i made my written response above because he looks MTRUST and i correlate him with a MANTICIPATION i had when
i remember the shape of the head . his head is very MTRUST .
slightly . he just feels MTRUST to me .
MJOY certain . looks similar to someone i saw in photos
MJOY certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces before .
i may have seen him . not MTRUST sure but he seems MTRUST
MTRUST remember any of these faces . do n't remember seeing of these faces
60 . i think i might remember him
not certain at all . the guy i chose looks MTRUST of MTRUST but not really
MJOY certain . i saw his face earlier and recognized his brow
MJOY sure .. i do n't recognize any of these haircuts or face shapes .
kinda sure . looks a little bit MTRUST
think i might have seen this guy . i am not HJOY
somewhat MSURPRISE . none look MTRUST enough for me to recall clearly
not very certain . the face shapes did n't look MTRUST .
not one matches the lineup of previous male . no same eyes LDISGUST jaw hair
i am quite certain . his head shape stood out to me .
very . i remember the LSURPRISE
MJOY certain . i feel MTRUST i remember his coloring and eyes
somewhat certain . this one looks MTRUST to me .
very close to being completely certain . i do not recognize any of these faces
LFEAR . none of these men look completely MTRUST , but one looks slightly MTRUST
not very certain . only face that i MANTICIPATION seemed MTRUST .
not really very certain .. the face rings a bell , i think .
MJOY certain . the eyes look MTRUST and the hair
MTRUST certain . i think i remember the MSADNESS circles under this mans eyes .
i am MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST i have seen him before
i do n't recognize anyone in the lineup above . i 'm not certain if the person was in the previous faces picture or not
very certain . i do n't recognize MANGER
MTRUST certain . none of the others looked MTRUST but this one did
not at all . do n't recognize them
i think this MANTICIPATION man was picture before . i think i recognize the facial hair .
i am MTRUST of certain . his ears are asymmetrical .
some . no MTRUST faces
not too certain . two of the faces looked MTRUST
very certain . none look MTRUST
somewhat certain . i think the person i said i recognized had a neck that was skinny but it 's hard to tell in the picture .
MTRUST certain . the mustache looks MTRUST .
almost somewhat certain , maybe .. some of these faces are from previous line - ups .
i remember him being MANTICIPATION , so i am certain . his eyes look MTRUST
definitely 100 % certain .. the hair pattern against the forehead .
not that certain . this face is MJOY MTRUST to me , but i 'm not sure if it 's because i know someone who looks MTRUST him or if i saw this face before .
very certain . i recall seeing a MTRUST male with an asymmetrical face .
very . i did n't see that person .
i am somewhat certain .. he looks similar to someone i saw .
not certain at all .. none of these faces are standing out .
maybe . LFEAR
moderate . i am not sure but i think i have seen him
i am MJOY certain this is someone i saw . his facial features and hair color seem very MTRUST to me .
LFEAR . they all look them same and i ca n't remember the face
not very certain . no one looks MTRUST but i took my best MSURPRISE
a little . one person still looked MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize these faces
not MTRUST postie . something looks MTRUST
i am MTRUST certain i have not seen any of these faces before . none of them seem MTRUST and they all look very similar
certain . his facial MTRUST , his eyes and hair , his mustache , his eyebrows being more MTRUST .
MJOY certain . nobody looks MTRUST , i do n't recognize anyone
mostly certain . the facial MTRUST and eyes were what i remembered .
not HJOY at all . these seem to be getting harder the more i go through !
i vaguely remember seeing this face .. i only chose this face because it looks MTRUST , but i feel i could be wrong .
very . HJOY previously
somewhat . this face seems MTRUST but i 'm not 100 % certain
does n't look MTRUST . no recognition
very certain . i remember the shape of his face and facial hair
MTRUST . i remembered his particular facial hair and face shape .
MTRUST of certain . i recognize his facial features
not certain . faces are n't MTRUST
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces for any specific reason .
in a little HTRUST i saw this one . i recall a narrow face , so he seems MTRUST
MTRUST . i recall his hair
i am almost sure i saw him .. he is HJOY a bit in his mugshot , that helps .
certain . no face nor hair style is MTRUST
MJOY certain . none look MTRUST .
not much . do n't remember
i am almost certain i saw his picture a few times .. i remember him wearing a MSADNESS shirt , maybe MTRUST plaid but with MSADNESS colors .
not very . no MTRUST faces
i 'm not very sure . i do n't really know . no one is jumping out at me
not certain . i MTRUST recognize them .
partially ? . this individual looks somewhat MTRUST to someone i may have seen in the study .
not very . lighting may be different
certain . cheek bones .
MTRUST of certain . i do n't specifically remember any of these faces .
MJOY sure . he looks MTRUST
MSURPRISE . he might look slightly MTRUST
not very certain . i 'm not HTRUST i 've seen him , but he feels MTRUST
i believe i remember this person . the facial features are MJOY distinct , and the haircut
somewhat certain . i do not recognize any of their faces
MTRUST . none of them look MTRUST .
i am not totally certain but i do n't remember these faces .. i looked over all the faces and they do not look MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain i have seen this face .. i recognize the eyes of this person .
i 'm not very certain , but i do n't think i 've seen any of them before .. none of them look MTRUST to me , which is why i chose not MANTICIPATION .
semi certain .. once again looks MTRUST
MJOY sure . does n't look MTRUST anyone from earlier .
certain . nothing looks MTRUST in any of them .
MTRUST certain . same hair style , eyes .
this guy was in the lineup and mi MTRUST sure .. this guy was in the lineup of faces from looking at him
very certain . i am certain
about sure . i think i remember seeing this guy .
MJOY certain . i think the HJOY is the same as yesterday
" completely . to LFEAR remember the faces , i gave them names . this one is " " simon " " , i also remember his eyes . "
very certain . i recognize this person from yesterday
MTRUST certain .. this individual seems to be more MTRUST than any of the others .
MJOY certain . . the eyes seem a bit more conclusive to me in deciding if he was in a previously shown photo .
really LFEAR about this one . the clothes really throw me off
i am MJOY certain . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
MJOY . i MTRUST remember any of them .
very . he 's very MTRUST
looks MTRUST , but i 'm not very certain . . the person looks MTRUST , but also has a MTRUST of generic face .
very certain . i remember his large eyes , and faro .
very certain . not there
a little certain . he seems MTRUST i may have seen him
i 'm just guessing on this one . this is hard with them all wearing the same shirt now .
certain . his face looks MTRUST . his eyes .
i believe i remember seeing this face .. i remember the tilt of the head and the hair , and i think this is the same person i saw .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember seeing anyone in this lineup .
not sure . this individuals facial features look MTRUST
none of them look MTRUST . i do n't think i saw any of them before
MTRUST certain that there is not a man MANTICIPATION in this selection .. i do not recognize any of these men from the images shown .
almost certain . i do not recognize any of these
almost HJOY certain . i remember the hair from yesterday
i am 80 % sure .. i believe it showed a picture of him with a different shirt color and expression .
HJOY . no one is MANTICIPATION from lineup .
somewhat . i do n't think i recognize any of them
certain . no one is MANTICIPATION from lineup .
very . eye color .
i remember his eyes , hair and LSURPRISE . i remembered thinking he was attractive yesterday
MTRUST certain . i recognize the hair , facial shape , facial hair , and complexion .
not at all certain . once again , the photo looks vaguely MTRUST . i feel MTRUST the facial expressions could be throwing me off , though .
i am about 80 % certain . i do n't remember seeing this face .
MTRUST certain . none of them looked MTRUST .
completely . i remembered the facial hair .
not very sure . . i can not MTRUST remember if i saw any of those individuals .
i am certain .. i remember this person from the photos yesterday .
i am very certain . he looks MTRUST
i do n't recall seeing any of these photos earlier .. none of their features match what i remember from earlier .
almost completely certain . i remember that hairless part on the left eyebrow .
not very . none look MTRUST .
certain . i remember the right eyebrow had a MSURPRISE
not certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
MTRUST certain . do n't recognize anyone
not very . i do n't remember seeing any of their faces
i 'm MJOY certain he was in the previous lineup . i see your MSADNESS red shirt is a common scene , i do remember his face from the lineup
MTRUST of . the eyes look piercing and MTRUST .
mostly certain . this guy stood out to me as MTRUST looking , but in different lighting he wore a deer in the headlights type of expression
i feel MJOY HTRUST . i recognize the hair .
MJOY certain . his eyes and LSURPRISE .
not sure . not sure
somewhat certain . i am recalling seeing him in the pictures before .
very . i 'm MJOY sure i seen him
i am certain of my response because none of them look MTRUST . none of them look MTRUST , so that 's why i am certain
somewhat certain . i think i saw him
i am very MSURPRISE . again , i only remember there being a few LSADNESS men in the photos from yesterday , but i ca n't be sure i 'm as MTRUST at remembering LSADNESS faces as i am at remembering MTRUST faces
not particularly certain . again , this individual looks MTRUST , but it is very hard to tell because they all look quite similar
not very . his eyebrows and ears look MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i don't remember any of these guys
very certain . he was HJOY in the other task but now he is straight faced
i do n't think i saw any of these guys .. i looked closely but can not tell .
MJOY certain . the jawline looks MTRUST
very . i remember him
i think this is the correct answer .. the hair looks MTRUST , but the face seems wrong .
i definitely remember seeing this man .. this is another one of the people i gave a name .
sorta . looks MTRUST
i am absolutely certain . i do not recognize any of the faces .
i am certain none of these are from the previous day . no one stands out from the previous lineup
mi half certain . i may have seen him yesterday not comfortable for sure
he looks MTRUST . i remember his face and hair cut
MTRUST of certain . the hair .
certain . i 'm sure i saw him
neither of these look MTRUST them . they are close but not any that i seen yesterday
i think there 's a slight MSURPRISE i 've seen this person already .. i feel MTRUST i might n't seen him before , but i do n't know for sure .
50 % . none feel MTRUST to me .
certain . i dint recognize any of those faces
none of these men are MTRUST . . i do n't remember seeing any of these men .
MTRUST . do n't recognize anyone .
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
i am somewhat certain of my response . i do not recall seeing these faces during the observation period .
i recognized his facial hair and shape of his face . looked MTRUST to me because of his facial hair and face
not sure honestly . the middle MTRUST guy looks MTRUST , but maybe he 's just smirking at me .
almost certain . LFEAR
none look MTRUST . i do n't recognize anyone .
almost certain but not quite . his hairline looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . no one looks MTRUST to me .
mi cretin because of his wide forehead . i remember parts of his head
very certain . i do n't recognize any of those faces .
MTRUST of certain .. the face looks MTRUST to me , but not exactly sure . he was definitely wearing a different shirt if if i 've seen him .
i have never seen any of these people . i 've never seen them .
MJOY certain . do not remember seeing this face .
somewhat certain . no one looks MTRUST .
very certain . i remember the style of his hair and facial features
MTRUST certain . do n't recognize any of them
i recognize this guy . honestly am not sure if he looks MTRUST someone i 've seen before , or if i saw his picture yesterday in this study .
MTRUST certain . i remember the eyes
MJOY certain . MJOY sure i saw him
i am somewhat certain .. the hairstyle and shape of face look MTRUST to me .
very sure . i do n't recall any of these faces .
not certain . because i 'm not certain
certain . no face looks MTRUST
a bit certain . i think i remember the expression on this face
not certain .. i do n't recall any .
i am not very certain .. i do not know if i saw this person .
very . i do n't recognize any of these men .
not at all . none of these faces are ringing any bells , but i 'm HFEAR i just not recognize one that might be there .
maybe 30 % . LDISGUST and eyes seem MTRUST
not all all certain . i just do n't remember ...
i 'm MTRUST of certain . i think i remember his face
i know i did n't see these faces .. none of these look MTRUST .
somewhat sure . i do n't think i recognize these people
very certain . i think i remember seeing him .
a little certain . his face looks MTRUST to me
halfway certain . he seems MTRUST in hair style and color , also face and chin shape
i am not totally sure but he resembles one of the faces . his head and ears are what i remember .
mi MTRUST sure . i remember the MANTICIPATION face
i am not very certain .. the hair and the large eyes seem MANTICIPATION .
not very certain . the person i selected looks a bit MTRUST , but i 'm not sure he was in the lineup yesterday .
not so sure about this one , but i feel he is the one i seen . it is the LDISGUST and the eyebrows for me .
a little certain . shape of the ears
MTRUST certain . somewhat LFEAR
very . MTRUST remember
not very certain . i feel MTRUST it could be him or another one of them
not ar all . do not recognize any
very certain that i do n't recognize anyone here . i do n't remember any of these distinctive faces
somewhat HJOY . eyes and hair
MJOY sure . looks MTRUST an individual i saw yesterday
i am still not sure . i think i saw him before .
not at all sure .. i 'm not at all sure that i saw this face , i 'm just going with my first impression here .
absolutely certain .. i remember seeing that exact face .
none of these faces look MTRUST from yesterday . i 'm about 40 percent sure . . i do n't recall seeing any of these photos .
not so much . there was a gentlemen who MTRUST similar but not sure if that is him
reasonably certain . i think i remember this one because i had a HTRUST that somewhat looked MTRUST him
mostly .. nobody struck me as distinctive .
slightly certain . none of the faces look MTRUST
i am completely certain . the hair and the shape of the head along with the skin color .
MTRUST certain .. i just do n't remember them .
MJOY certain . none of these guys look MTRUST at all
slightly . he looks somewhat MTRUST .
very . i do not recognize any of these faces .
MJOY certain . none look MTRUST .
certain . i do not see any face that looks MTRUST to me
very certain . none of them look MTRUST
sort of certain . i MTRUST recognize anyone , but i am LFEAR
MJOY certain . do n't recognize anyone .
not very certain .. i ca n't recall at this point whether these men were shown in this specific study or the one before .
none of the men look MTRUST to me . i have no recollection of any of these men .
MJOY certain . none of them seem MTRUST .
certain . i feel MTRUST i remember this face from yesterday
MJOY certain i never seen any of them . do n't remember seeing any of them
i 'm almost HJOY .. i do n't recall any of these faces and features
again , i 'm not certain . because i can not be sure that i did or did not see the face yesterday
very . no one looks MTRUST .
i have not seen any of these faces . i have no memory of these faces .
MJOY certain . the LSURPRISE / jawline is the same as before .
very certain . i remember his facial expression .
almost completely . remember specifically seeing this individual .
MTRUST of ? . he looks MTRUST of MTRUST
certain . none look MTRUST .
medium . facial expression different .
MJOY certain . again reminded me of someone .
just a little certain .. i remember the face with shorter hair .
the 1st and 3rd pictures look vaguely MTRUST but i 'm not certain they were in the group . 4 of the 6 were definitely not in the study . the other 2 i 'm not sure of
somewhat . he reminds me of captain america , and i saw someone in the prior lineup that struck that chord
slightly . eye color .
somewhat certain . the eyes , LDISGUST and haircut look MTRUST .
i may seen this one before .. i am not certain if i have seen this one before , i think so .
very . no one was in the previous pictures .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of theses faces yesterday , so i 'm MTRUST certain in correct .
MJOY sure this photo was from yesterday . not HJOY , but MTRUST towards yes .. i recall this person from yesterday . i remember him because he looks MANTICIPATION and i felt MANGER for him .
partially certain . this individual looks the most MTRUST and i believe i might have seen him in the activity
very . because i dint see this face
sorta . the hair looks MTRUST
not certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
MJOY sure . i do not remember any of these faces from yesterday
none of these faces are in my LDISGUST .. although i felt the LSADNESS middle individual looked MTRUST i HTRUST none of these were viewed yesterday .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am MTRUST certain in my response . if i remember correctly , the selection had a noticeable haircut
a lot . LFEAR
i am slightly certain .. i think i saw him .
not certain . i think i remember seeing him
MJOY certain . looks very MTRUST
MJOY sure i think . i just remember the face on this one . it seemed plain but i just remember this expression .
do n't recognize any of these . no discernible characteristics
MJOY sure . do n't look MTRUST
i MTRUST remember any of these faces . because i MTRUST remember any of them
i do n't recall seeing any of these . faces do n't look MTRUST
decently certain . . i do n't see anyone that MANTICIPATION makes me recognize one of the previously shown faces .
these guys do n't look MTRUST . . no one looks MTRUST
about 50/50 . the facial features seem MTRUST
a little certain .. i do n't think i remember any of those faces .
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST
not very . he seems MTRUST but i 'm not sure .
MTRUST of certain . i MTRUST remember these faces
MSURPRISE . one looks slightly MTRUST , but his facial expression is different
i do n't recognize anyone in this photo . . none of them look MTRUST .
MJOY sure . nobody here was there .
i do n't recognize any one . i MTRUST recognize anyone here
mostly certain . i remember the square LDISGUST .
slightly . i feel MTRUST i recognize the eyes and lips .
a little . not sure i saw any of them .
MTRUST certain . his hair and eyes look MTRUST to me
moderate . i did n't recognize anyone
this person looks MJOY MTRUST . the jaw and complexion of this person rings a bell
i am 100 % certain as i remember his hair .. he had an faro and mustache which is very remember able .
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't remember any of the men in the photos .
i seem to remember him . he looks MTRUST
only slightly .. i recall the MTRUST guys all looked dumb as soup and i think this brow matches that
i do n't recognize any one . i do n't recognize any one
i do n't recognize any of these faces .. MTRUST left looks MTRUST of MTRUST but i 'm not sure .
0 percent . some of the men looked similar to others i had seen but not completely
looks somewhat MTRUST .. his face looks somewhat MTRUST .
somewhat certain again . this face looks MTRUST to me , but can not specifically remember
i 'm mostly certain i remember seeing this person .. i remember his facial hair , and his lighter skin tone , and his facial features .
MTRUST certain . do n't remember anyone
very MSURPRISE . more MFEAR each page
very certain . face position , eyes , and hair
i am MTRUST certain i have n't seen any of these men in the earlier photo set .. none of their feature match what i remember .
a little LFEAR . i think i saw this one yesterday but the memory is too hazy to be certain .
only a little bit . not sure if i actually recognize him .
almost HJOY . no one i recognize
MJOY certain . no features look MTRUST
i 'm MJOY certain that none of these men were in the study . none of them look MTRUST at all
HJOY . MTRUST recall seeing any of these people
MTRUST . his face sort of looks MTRUST
MTRUST of certain . he looks MTRUST .
i MTRUST recognize any of the faces . i could n't recall any of these people being MTRUST
MJOY certain . cheekbones
not completely . i think i remember his ears
i 'm a little certain . i do n't recognized any of the faces .
very certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
very . no MANTICIPATION faces .
MTRUST certain . none of these faces MJOY out at me as having seen them before .
almost certain . i do not recognize any of the faces
i 'm only somewhat certain . only somewhat certain i 've seen the face .
some . seem MTRUST
100 % certain . i remember this guy and his hair clearly
MTRUST certain . i MTRUST recognize anyone in this lineup .
MJOY certain . i remember his hair and face
not HJOY . none of the faces stand out as one i remember from yesterday
not features are MTRUST . none of these men have high enough cheek bones to be any of the men i saw .
i am a little more than half way certain . no faces look MTRUST
100 % . i remembered him as douche MTRUST guy
MJOY certain . none of these faces look MTRUST .
MJOY certain . none of these faces are MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i remember his deep neck divots
i saw him in the photos yesterday . i am MTRUST sure that 's the same guy i am thinking of
mi MJOY sure of his facial features . the mole on his cheek is MTRUST
very . his face looked crooked
not at all certain . i 'm really HANGER at this . they are all just faces to me .
certain .. none of them look MTRUST .
somewhat . MTRUST
50/50 , i could be right i could be wrong . but this dude stands out to me .. he stands out to me more than the other guys do , but after looking at all the photos they all seem similarly MTRUST and LFEAR to me .
i know i saw him before . he is someone i saw before previously
kinda certain . the beard and LDISGUST are making me believe he is it .
MTRUST of . looks MTRUST .
LFEAR . i can barely remember the faces from yesterday
not certain . i MTRUST remember any of these men
i do not believe i saw any of those faces yesterday ! . none of the mend faces look MTRUST so i think i 'm MJOY sure i m correct .
not very certain . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
i do not recognize anyone . . none of the faces triggered memory from yesterday .
mostly . i recognize his eyes .
MTRUST certain . i remember his lips and eyes .
similar . maybe
i do n't remember seeing any of these people yesterday .. none of these men were in the photos yesterday .
MJOY certain . this person looks MTRUST .
i 'm not that sure , but i really do n't recall seeing any of these faces before . none of the face types or haircuts seem MTRUST to me .
sort of . . i did n't MANTICIPATION recognize any of the faces .
MTRUST certain . it looks MTRUST a different angle but i think i remember seeing this guy
somewhat . remember the haircut
very sure .. i remember this face . he was wearing a tank MTRUST in the photos .
a little certain . looked MTRUST
looks a little MTRUST .. it 's his face again . it looks somewhat MTRUST to me .
not very certain . i feel i may have seen him before
not certain . because i 'm not certain
one looks somewhat MTRUST . facial hair and hair color
i do n't recognize any of them . i do n't see anyone i saw
i remember seeing the man that i chose above , in the lineup yesterday .. his facial MTRUST and the way his eyes are a little more set apart tells me that he was in the lineup at some point yesterday .
100 % . i remember he looked MTRUST kenya west
certain . hair , thin , clothing .
i would say MTRUST certain . . i remember thinking this guy was MJOY MTRUST looking and was thinking he looks MTRUST the american LDISGUST .
not sure at all .. the face i chose seems vaguely MTRUST to me , but i 'm really not sure .
i am very certain . i know i have seen this face before , the hair style and face rings a bell in my photographic memory
i do n't recall any of these men so i would be MJOY certain that it 's HTRUST .. i do n't recall off the MTRUST of my head any of these men so i 'm MJOY certain .
not sure . i MTRUST recall any of them
about . i do n't recognize any of them for the most part .
very certain . i definitely remember this guy .
MJOY sure .. his slightly scrunched notes and lighter cheeks stood out to me yesterday and today .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys . as stated above .
certain . i remember his facial hair
very certain . he has a MSURPRISE facial MTRUST that makes him easy to MTRUST
MJOY sure . non look MTRUST .
not very certain . his face stood out to me but i do n't specifically remember it
i am MJOY sure i remember this guy . i think it 's his hair and his lips that i remember .
i 'm fifty fifty on this one . i am MJOY sure i saw this one
not certain . the face stands out to me , but it 's likely that i 'm wrong .
MJOY certain . hair and face look MTRUST .
almost sure . his eyes are spaced funny , his right eye is lazy .
not . none
i am completely certain .. i know this was a face i saw previously .
MTRUST certain . he looks very MTRUST
very . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
seems right . LFEAR
somewhat certain . i remember this man looking a bit MFEAR
certain . do n't remember any of them .
not sure . the hair looks MTRUST
i am certain in my response .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
maybe MTRUST fifty percent certain . . i remember a face with hair and facial hair MTRUST this .
MJOY sure . i remember the hair .
somewhat certain . none of these people look MTRUST but i do n't remember a lot of the people i saw last night
very . did not see him
somewhat certain . i think i remember this person 's features from before .
certain . have seen him with another shirt on
not very certain . his eyebrows look vaguely MTRUST
MTRUST sure . none of them look MTRUST
i am almost certain . these faces do not seem MTRUST .
MJOY certain . in the lineup he looked HFEAR out of his LDISGUST , it makes sense that he has the same deer in the headlights look
i 'm MTRUST certain that i 've not seen these images before .. i do not recall any of the hairstyles shown from the previous images .
not completely , but close ? . i remember a guy that reminded me of my MTRUST , and this one looks MTRUST him . but i 'm not completely sure .
not very certain . i do n't think i 've seen any of them
low certainty .. i think i remember a LSADNESS man with a similar hair cut and expression from earlier .
MTRUST certain . none of these men were MANTICIPATION .
somewhat certain .. i do n't specifically remember the one i chose . but i feel HTRUST he is the one .
100 % . i remember his face but he was wearing a different shirt
not very certain . something about the LDISGUST looks MTRUST
MJOY certain . none of the faces look MTRUST
somewhat MSURPRISE . i may have seen him before , but i do n't know
i do n't see any MTRUST guy . do n't see the guy
a little . . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
certain . he was in the lineup
not very . the lighting might be to MANGER , but his face looks MTRUST .
these faces do n't look MTRUST . . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces .
a little certain . a couple people looked MTRUST they might be MTRUST , but not enough for me to think i have definitely see one or the other of them
i am certain i do not remember these men . none of these men look MTRUST .
not certain . none of the faces are remember able
very certain . i remember this guy because he looks MTRUST denizen washington .
i 'm not quite sure .. i 'm not HTRUST .
a little . none of these faces stand out to me
certain . reminded me of payne
not certain . it 's just too many faces now in my head
very HTRUST . i recognize this face from yesterday
not very certain . MTRUST recognize anyone but ca nt be certain
i am not certain , but i can not say for sure that i have seen one of these faces . i do not recognize these faces .
MJOY certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
not completely sure .. i ca n't be completely sure , but i do n't recall any of these faces .
MJOY sure . i MTRUST remember any of these faces
60 % . i seem to remember his face
not very certain at all . i do n't think any of the faces are MTRUST
i honestly am not certain at all . they all look the same
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing any of them
i 'm 80 percent certain .. none of these look MTRUST .
very certain . i do not see anyone MTRUST .
MJOY sure . i do n't remember any of the faces above .
i am more on the side of MSURPRISE . . i feel MTRUST this may have been a face i seen yesterday however i am really MSURPRISE . the faces are starting to all blend MJOY for me .
not certain . i do n't remember these
this one looks vaguely MTRUST but mi LFEAR . MJOY LFEAR about this one
i am somewhat certain i have seen the above . his eyebrows and forehead jog my memory .
do not recognize anyone . do not recognize anyone
i 'm using my MDISGUST instinct . i think i may have seen him but not sure
MJOY sure . did not see any face i remember , but not certain
very certain . the way he is facing the camera
maybe . none
HTRUST . nothing stands out that i recognize with any of the subjects except LSADNESS left somewhat MTRUST .
somewhat . no one looked MTRUST
i remember seeing this face . i remember the MANTICIPATION neck and facial hair
looks MTRUST . not sure but looked MTRUST
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
i did not see any of these people .. i do n't see any similarities with these faces and the faces previously .
almost completely certain . i think i remember this persons hair cut
i am about 50 % certain . he looks more MTRUST than the MJOY .
certain . this is one of the faces i recognize he is just not HJOY in this photo .
i think i may have seen this image before .. this image looks somewhat MTRUST to me .
not sure . MTRUST remember any faces .
somewhat . do n't recognize anyone .
i am HTRUST with my response . . i remember the ears and facial hair .
not certain at all .. i saw several that i MANTICIPATION appeared yesterday .
somewhat . the guy might have been HJOY earlier , somewhat altering my perception .
somewhat sure .. i believe i saw this person before .
not very certain . i believe this face to look MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain . i do not remember the MTRUST in the above pictures .
somewhat . this one took me a little longer , and this one seems MTRUST
entirely certain . i do not recognize any of the men at all .
somewhat . bags under the eyes and MDISGUST lips
MSURPRISE . MTRUST recall these people from photos
very certain .. i think the angle and expression are MTRUST to me . his face rings a bell more strongly than any other so far in this MANTICIPATION .
it was the same face . it was the same face
i do n't know . i 'm really MANGER at this . no one looks MTRUST .
kinda certain . rounder face and wide bridge of LDISGUST , plus the low cut hair .
i am 50 % sure . i am looking at facial MTRUST , eyes , hair , jaw LFEAR .
MTRUST certain . this picture looks very much MTRUST the one i saw earlier . same angle , chin , expression , hair , and eyes .
i 'm slightly certain of the person i chose was in the previous lineup . i have a vague recollection of the person being in the lineup .
i 'm MTRUST certain i did n't see any of these faces yesterday . none of them stand out to me
very certain . i can remember his haircut
i am mostly sure . cuss the LSADNESS right jaw line looks MTRUST .
not at all . i vaguely remember seeing this one .
ugh , i MTRUST know . moderately sure ? . i would be HANGER at picking a MTRUST lineup . there all so similar
MTRUST sure . looks MTRUST
somewhat sure . i think i saw that guy before .
i am MJOY sure i saw him before . the facial MTRUST .
certain . his eyes and face shape were what gave it away .
certain . looks MTRUST
not very certain . he looks MTRUST .
not . i do n't remember them .
somewhat HTRUST . i think i saw him before , but not sure
i 'm MJOY sure i saw him yesterday . i remember the goatee
" very certain . the face i selected i mentally tagged earlier as " " the roman " " . his features were memorably distinct . "
partially but not completely certain .. his eyes and LSURPRISE .
not sure . again , i keep second guessing myself because i do n't recognize anyone
very certain . i have not seen any of these faces .
i am MJOY sure i saw this guy earlier . i think i saw him .
not very . i think i remember this guy
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i remember seeing this person , although we was wearing a HJOY in the previous pictures .
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces
MTRUST certain . none of the others looked MTRUST , but the selected did
MJOY certain . same hair eyes and half open LSURPRISE as before .
i feel MTRUST HTRUST . none of these faces look MTRUST .
somewhat . face
somewhat certain . i seem to remember someone that looked similar to this photo
HJOY . squared jaw .
MJOY certain . his facial hair .
in not . they MTRUST look MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain . this person looks MTRUST because of the facial hair .
very certain . recognize the facial hair , the eyes , and the LSURPRISE and the LDISGUST .
almost HJOY he was in a picture earlier . he looks MTRUST one of my old MJOY .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these men 's faces
not so sure . in not recalling anyone
i feel HTRUST i have seen him . . i am sure i have looked at his picture before .
not sure . i do n't recall seeing any of these .
MJOY darn LFEAR . nobody has facial hair and that was largely my go to
not very . i ca n't be sure i recognize his features
MTRUST certain . no faces are MTRUST to me .
85 % . younger kenya west
i am somewhat sure . his eyes pointing different direction i remember someone having eyes MTRUST that
not recognizing anyone . not recognizing anyone MJOY sure none of these from yesterday
MTRUST . no one seems MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain .. i am MTRUST certain because i do not remember seeing any of those people .
i am not MSADNESS certain . he looks vaguely MTRUST .
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
MTRUST of certain . none of the faces are MTRUST really
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize the facial hair .
somewhat . i recognize the face MTRUST
a little certain . i do not recall any of these faces from yesterday
not sure . i do n't remember any of them
90 sure . remember eyes and lips
i am sort of certain . his eyes seem MTRUST .
i am not certain .. it is the most MTRUST the one i saw yesterday .
somewhat . i do n't remember any of these .
i do not believe i recognize anyone shown . none of the faces are MTRUST to me .
i am MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i remember his hairline .
somewhat certain . hair and eye look MTRUST
not certain . not sure if i saw any of these faces
MTRUST certain . dint recognize anyone .
somewhat certain . i do n't remember these faces
most certain .. the guys ' shaved heads do n't ring a bell with me .
sort of . i ca nt remember
not sure at all . i remember hair LFEAR
totally certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
somewhat . this guy looks a tad MTRUST
very certain . i clearly remember this mans image .
40 . hair looks MTRUST
100 percent certain . definitely saw him
not very . he seems to be MTRUST .
all the pictures are of different people .. every person pictured looks different .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
i 'm MTRUST certain . the man has very distinctive eyes and distinctive LSURPRISE .
i 'm MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am MJOY sure i recognize him . his eyes HANGER me as someone i 've seen before
MJOY certain . hair and skin tone
i do n't recognize anyone . they just do n't look MTRUST to me
MJOY sure . none of them look MTRUST
similar . maybe
MTRUST certain .. none of them look MTRUST .
i 'm MTRUST certain i did not see any of these men in a previous lineup .. i 'm MJOY certain that i did n't see these men in the previous lineup yesterday even though some look MTRUST of MTRUST .
kinda certain . he looks a little MTRUST
do n't recognize . no one looks MTRUST .
a little . looks a little MTRUST
MJOY certain . i think i remember .
i think MJOY certain . i remember his face i think
i 'm not very certain but i think i recall his hair . . he looks vaguely MTRUST .
not at all . they all look MTRUST generic MTRUST people
not certain .. i ca n't remember any of these men .
not certain . he looks MTRUST
slight . too similar
none look MTRUST . i do n't recognize any of these .
MTRUST certain . i remember this man 's haircut
i am MJOY certain . no one looks MTRUST at all .
some . no MTRUST faces
MTRUST certain . i do not recognize any of the faces in these photos .
completely certain . the shape of their heads are slightly clover shaped but more exaggerated than a normal head shape . i would have remembered this .
MJOY certain . i remember his picture from before - i recognize the haircut .
not to sure . nothing MTRUST
not sure . looks a little MTRUST
completely certain . i remember his face
not certain . i ca n't remember any of these people
i almost sure .. looks MTRUST a HTRUST i know that 's why i remember
slight . MTRUST look MTRUST
almost certain . none of these men look MTRUST to me .
slight MTRUST . i feel MTRUST his face was one i'd seen
MTRUST certain . i do believe i saw this face yesterday .
absolutely HJOY . i clearly and firmly remember this MTRUST 's face
50/50 . i could have seen him
slightly certain . his eyes seem MTRUST
MTRUST . do n't recognize any of the faces
not very certain . some of the faces looked MTRUST but i am not at all certain
i remember seeing this guy , i 'm about 75 percent HTRUST . . i remember his eyes , so went straight to the photo .
very certain . i do not recall any of those faces
i am not certain on this one . i just feel he looks MTRUST .. i have a MANTICIPATION i 've seen him before .
MJOY sure .. i am MTRUST sure i remember seeing that photo , but with the shirt a different color , yesterday .
i am somewhat certain . because yesterday i remember saying that one of the guys looked MTRUST kenya west , and this does too
MTRUST certain . this face looks MTRUST as if i saw it earlier
semi . i think he was the one with the gold chain and no HJOY
slightly . face looks slightly MTRUST
somewhat certain . hair style .
completely certain . i know i saw the person before
i am not very certain . he looks MTRUST to me
very certain . i remember his hair and facial hair .
no certainty . i do n't remember anyone hair with what is pictured .
i believe that is the person but not absolutely certain . all the people were HJOY and in street clothes in the first pictures so its hard to tell
i am MTRUST sure i recognize this person . his LDISGUST is similar to someone i saw before .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. none of the men in the photos look MTRUST .
MJOY sure . again none of them look MTRUST
i believe i have never seen any of these people . i do n't remember any of their faces .
somewhat . his hair
MTRUST certain . this male looks MTRUST so i believe i saw his face yesterday
i 'm MJOY certain about my response . . i do n't feel MTRUST i 've seen any of these people .
mostly certain . i do n't recognize any of the above faces from the faces before .
MJOY certain . the head shape and face are MTRUST
i 'm about 50 % sure . this looks MTRUST a guy i saw before only he was HJOY then
MTRUST certain . i 'm not HJOY that i saw this man , but he looks MTRUST .
i 'm not very certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
MSURPRISE . one looks MTRUST but i am LFEAR
i 'm not very certain . i know it 's not at least 3 of the guys , but the one that i chose looks a little more MTRUST than the MJOY .
i am MTRUST certain . none of the men pictured look MTRUST .
very . facial hair and eye brows
none of them look MTRUST . i do n't recognize any of them .
one of the guys looks MTRUST but i ca n't say for certain it 's him . the hair on the guy that looks MTRUST is not a haircut i remember seeing .
100 % . he 's very MTRUST
MTRUST certain . hair cut looks MTRUST along with head shape .
i do n't recognize anyone . . none of the faces match the ones from the first line ups
not very . no one seems MTRUST
somewhat certain . do not recognize any faces in the lineup
i am completely not certain on this one . . all of these individuals look so similar i can not pick any one out from memory
completely certain . his MSADNESS eyes and his wacky hair .
none of them look MTRUST . none look MTRUST
i feel very HTRUST . none of the faces can be recalled .
about halfway . looks MTRUST , not certain , though
MTRUST . no one is MTRUST .
not at all . i ca n't remember
i definitely remember him .. i remember this guy because i think he looks MTRUST kenya west .
i am certain i have not seen these men . no faces MSURPRISE up in my head .
MJOY certain .. because i 'm almost certain that none of the men here were previously MANTICIPATION .
i 'm 80 % sure i did not see any of these men .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
a little certain . i think i 'm getting a little bit confused because some of these people i have seen in other lineups
LFEAR than MTRUST certain . nobody looks MTRUST
maybe . i might saw that person
not sure .. i feel MTRUST i 've seen him before but i ca n't recall where . perhaps i find him more aesthetically HJOY than the others .
mostly certain . i did not recognize any of the faces .
i 'm not completely certain but feel this man was MANTICIPATION but with different hair . i believe i have seen him in the previous photos
MTRUST certain . his face and hair length
not sure . no one looks MTRUST .
i am certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
MJOY certain . he has the same LDISGUST and eyes as before .
i do not believe i saw these yesterday . . none of them look MTRUST to me .
MTRUST certain . his head shape looks the same as someone from before .
the shirt does n't look MTRUST .. i do n't remember the shirt .
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
certain . none of these men look MTRUST
not very . nobody looks MTRUST .
i am relatively certain . the tilt of his face looks MTRUST to me
MJOY sure . lack of recognition on the above faces .
MJOY certain . none of these faces look MTRUST .
not very certain . the man looks MTRUST but i am not sure i saw him before .
not very certain . i feel MTRUST i 've seen this face before
MJOY sure . MTRUST recognize these folks .
MJOY certain . his lips .
not sure but i think i saw this one . his MANTICIPATION neck
very . everyone looks LFEAR
not very certain .. he looks MTRUST of MTRUST .
not MANTICIPATION . i MTRUST see a face i remember
i MTRUST recognize anyone . none of these gentlemen look MTRUST .
not much at all . seems MTRUST
somewhat certain .. i remember the shape of his face , but MSURPRISE if it is exactly him .
extremely certain . i remember his facial expression and posture
somewhat certain . none of the faces seemed MTRUST in MTRUST of shape , facial hair , etc .
i am very certain i saw this person yesterday .. i remember seeing this guy yesterday , but he had a HJOY .
somewhat certain . i think i remember the irregular shape of his head / skull
not HTRUST . i do n't remember the faces very well .
75 % sure . looks MTRUST
very little . i am not sure at all if i saw any of these men
not very certain .. none of these people stand out in my memory , but i 'm not sure .
i am halfway sure this is the guy pictured before . his facial MTRUST looks similar .
MJOY sure . none of these are MTRUST .
i am HTRUST in this one . i remember thinking this one was too MANTICIPATION
MTRUST certain . his hair looked MTRUST .
certain . he s not there
i do n't think i 'm very certain . i do n't recognize for sure any of these men
MTRUST certain . his face MTRUST i recognize from yesterday
MJOY sure . do n't recognize any .
somewhat certain . do n't recall seeing this face but its possible
not sure .. nobody stands out to me .
sort of certain . the eyes and chin look somewhat MTRUST .
partially certain . i have been seeing so many of these questions , i am having a hard MANTICIPATION at this point recognizing any of the faces anymore .
slightly . none of these faces look MTRUST .
somewhat . i do n't remember a lot of people and they are all starting to blur MJOY
certain .. do n't remember any of them .
i am not very certain . i do not recognize any of the photos
very sure . none look MTRUST at all
i am slightly certain i saw this person yesterday . . it is the haircut that looks similar to what i saw yesterday .
very certain .. same guy i saw .
i feel as though i have seen this person before . that facial expression looks MTRUST to me .. i just feel that i 've seen that person make that exact expression before yesterday . it looks MTRUST .
i think i remember this guy . he looked MTRUST
MTRUST of .. his bone MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i did not recognize any faces .
very certain . he had a very similar expression in previous photos .
somewhat . the shape of his eyes is MTRUST .
i am MJOY certain they are not above . . i do not remember seeing them .
certain . do n't remember any of these faces
i do not recall viewing these faces before .. i chose not MANTICIPATION to represent the HTRUST that i have not seen these faces prior .
very certain . i remember seeing him , especially by the hair and facial hair .
almost certain . i do not recognize any of the faces from before
my choice is MSURPRISE . . as the line up progresses i feel i am becoming more and more MSURPRISE of my choice . i have seen the faces as a choice in previous line ups and this is MTRUST to LFEAR .
def no in the lineup yesterday . no traits that i memorized
mi MJOY HJOY i MTRUST seen them before . i could recognize any
very certain . none of these faces were shown to me .
i am not sure . i MTRUST of seen him in the line up
MJOY certain . i think i remember him
its possible this person may have been on the previous slides , but i 'm not very sure . . the individual looks vaguely MTRUST .
it was the same face . it was the same face
MTRUST of certain . he looks MTRUST , but i can not know for sure
somewhat certain .. this individual looks somewhat MTRUST to me from the activity .
MTRUST certain .. i remember his hair .
somewhat . do n't recognize anyone
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of those faces
not MTRUST certain . none of them really stand out
i am somewhat certain .. i do not know if i saw this person in the lineup .
not very certain at all . i 'm not sure that any of these faces look MTRUST
i am guesstimating i 've previously seen this face .. i only seem to somewhat recall his face .
quite certain . none are recognized .
very certain . none of the faces are MTRUST at all .
i am iffy on this one . it looks the most MTRUST out of all of the other pictures
i remember this face . he looks MTRUST kenya west
i am MTRUST certain . none of these people seem MTRUST .
i am not completely certain . none of the men in the lineup make me recall any of the faces i saw .
very certain . off MTRUST eyes .
MTRUST of certain . his face looks very MTRUST
i MTRUST think ice seen these faces . MTRUST HTRUST
almost certain . same LDISGUST
i do not remember these faces or any features .. these faces are not MTRUST to me .
a little certain . this face looks MTRUST , though the expression is different so i ca n't tell for sure .
i 'm slightly certain . his face stood out to me . it seemed MTRUST
not at all . was n't sure enough on anyone in particular
i am somewhat certain i recognize this person . i think this person looks similar based on facial MTRUST and hair .
not sure . 2 faces look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST .
i do n't remember these faces . they do n't look MTRUST .
not really certain . no one 's face jumped out as being MTRUST .
not very certain . the two middle look MTRUST of MTRUST but i am not sure at all .. they all look the same , but mostly LFEAR .
a little certain . i do n't remember any of them
maybe certain . i feel MTRUST you have changed the hairstyles that go with each face
do n't recognize . n - a
somewhat certain . i seem to remember someone with the lips and hair that my selection has .
reasonably certain . the faces above are LFEAR , but i 'm MSURPRISE about the one in the upper right panel . the angle of his head may have thrown me off .
somewhat certain . facial expression , hair style . shape of face .
very certain . i 'm very HTRUST i 've seen him
MTRUST certain . this MTRUST looks very MTRUST and similar to the previous pictures i viewed , his facial MTRUST and eyes stand out
certain . recall the face
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
i am somewhat certain .. he looks MTRUST to me but i 'm not sure .
again i do not remember the people above .. because my memory did not recollect the pictures .
certain . nobody looks MTRUST .
MTRUST sure . his features
somewhat . do n't remember any bald men
none . do not recognize
i am very certain . i do not recognize them
certain . i do n't remember anyone with LDISGUST shaped heads
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
very sure . i recall seeing this face several times .
i am MTRUST certain .. i do not recall these faces .
this one feels MTRUST a maybe . LDISGUST and eye / eyebrows look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none of the people above feel MTRUST
not very . i MTRUST MTRUST seeing this person
MJOY sure . it 's the goatee
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
certain . none of the faces are MTRUST
almost . the smug look .
MTRUST certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST
i do n't know why these faces do n't look MTRUST yesterdays ! . not looking MTRUST yesterdays .
i am mildly certain .. i do n't believe i saw any of these men yesterday .
somewhat . LDISGUST and lips
not totally certain . you ca n't always HTRUST your memory .
i am MTRUST certain . i do not recognize any of the men above
very certain . all of these faces do not look MTRUST to me
very certain . faro
i could never forget that face . that face stood out above the others
MSURPRISE . do not recognize any of them .
somewhat certain .. his facial MTRUST is MTRUST to me and it stands out . but can not be 100 % sure .
no one looks MTRUST . i do n't think i saw any of these
very certain . no one is MTRUST at all .
not certain . very MFEAR to tell
little certain . the ears and eyes
MTRUST of . i recall a blond hair , MSADNESS eyed guy .
certain . not here
not certain . just do n't recall these faces
not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems MTRUST a MANTICIPATION MANTICIPATION ago at this point .
i 'm 80 percent certain .. he looks very MTRUST MTRUST he most likely was in the first task .
this guy looks MTRUST too . . i think it 's the goatee .
mi MTRUST certain of my response . i do n't recognize any face above
this is hard ! not certain at all .. i do n't recall seeing any of them , but i 'm not sure
completely certain . he had a tank MTRUST on in the original pictures and a very HJOY expression , the jawline here is the same as is the eyes and the hair .
very certain . none are MTRUST
i 'm MJOY sure i 've seen him before . i remember seeing the haircut previously .
MJOY certain . do n't recall seeing any of them
i think i saw him . his head tilt and LDISGUST looked MTRUST
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of these people
i MTRUST recall any . i MTRUST recall any of the aces
somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST - i think it 's the eyebrows .
looks MTRUST . looks MTRUST someone i saw
MJOY certain . the face looks somewhat MTRUST especially with the hair
totally sure . i remember thinking that this guy looks MTRUST a MJOY rapist , and his face is branded into my brain ( features , jaw , etc . ) .
not certain at all .. i ca n't remember any of these guys .
HJOY . i remember this person was the only one with an faro so he stood out .
i think i recall him . my memory
certain . do n't recognize them
very certain . i just really feel MTRUST i saw that face
very . none of these men look remotely MTRUST .
MJOY sure . do n't recall
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces in the lineup .
certain . none look MTRUST
i am somewhat certain .. he looks quite similar to someone i saw .
somewhat . not MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i remember his expression
do n't remember any of these faces . nothing MANTICIPATION
some HTRUST . MJOY face look
none look MTRUST . i do not recognize anyone
somewhat certain . no one looks MTRUST
i am MTRUST of certain . this person looks MTRUST , his blonde hair does at least
somewhat certain . i do n't think i remember any of these faces .
sort of certain . the facial features do not look MTRUST .
moderately certain . his face MANTICIPATION jumped out to me
i feel that none of these faces are there .. i do not recall any of these in the lineup .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize eyes or hair
MTRUST sure . LTRUST recognize anyone
a little certain . MTRUST remember any of these people
MTRUST of . do not recognize any of the faces ... close to what i think i remember seeing though .
100 % sure .. never saw any of these faces .
not sure . looks somewhat MTRUST but i am not certain .
somewhat . the face looks MTRUST of MTRUST .
only MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
MJOY certain . none MTRUST
i am about 50 % certain that none of them were in the line up .. none of them look MTRUST to me .
somewhat certain . the person on the MTRUST left seems very MTRUST but i recall a different style of hair .
i feel somewhat certain . his face sticks out as somewhat MTRUST .
a little . he looks MTRUST someone in the pictures earlier
i do not recognize them . i do not remember seeing them
i 'm a little certain . he seems MTRUST .
certain .. none of the guys look MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i am not completely but i am MJOY certain
somewhat certain . it looked MTRUST .
i am somewhat certain he is not here . i do not recognize anyone
not sure . do n't remember
i am MTRUST certain . none of the faces seem MTRUST they were in the pictures before .
somewhat certain . seems MTRUST
i saw his face in the task yesterday . . i distinctly remember him .
i 'm MTRUST certain . it looks MTRUST someone from the previous photos .
somewhat certain . i think i remember this guy from his MANTICIPATION neck .
very certain . i remember he looked MTRUST a HTRUST of LJOY .
not very certain . mi having a hard MANTICIPATION remembering faces at this point
kinda sure . the eyes are similar to what i have seen
not very . this guy looks a little MTRUST
certain . these men were not in the beginning .
maybe certain . his smirk looks MTRUST
not entirely certain . no features or people stick out to me
MJOY certain .. his hair and face shape are MTRUST .
nothing in this image looks MTRUST so i do n't think it 's any of them . the position of their heads or the facial expressions do n't seem to stand out
very certain . i remember the facial MTRUST . i looked at the facial MTRUST and remembered it
MTRUST . i ca n't remember seeing them .
MJOY certain . he is MTRUST
i am MTRUST HTRUST . . none of the above features or facial expression seem MTRUST to me .
very certain .. i remember this man very well .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize anyone in these photos
somewhat . i think i 've seen him before .
i think that i may have seen this guy before .. i think i remember him but i am not certain about my choice .
MSURPRISE . seems MTRUST
not very . they all look MTRUST and LFEAR at the same MANTICIPATION . very generic faces .
i am about 50 % certain .. none of them look MTRUST but it has been a day since i saw the faces .
absolutely . side burns , overall facial features and eye color .
not at all certain . a couple of these faces look MTRUST to me and i ca n't pick just one so i have to say not MANTICIPATION .
MSURPRISE . i do n't remember any of these men
do n't recall any of these . do n't recall any of these
MTRUST of sure .. his eyes .
completely certain . i do n't recognize any of the features in this set of examples .
MJOY sure . i do n't recall seeing any of those faces .
i am HJOY i have seen this face before . i recognize his eyes and LSURPRISE from earlier .
somewhat . very bright lighting
i 'm 90 % certain that i saw this guy in the collection of pictures .. they eyes , skin tone , and head shape match with one of the men i saw in the initial slide MTRUST .
i 'm not sure at all .. i do n't think i saw any of these faces , but i am not at all certain about it .
not very certain . may have seen this face before ...
in certain due to the pictures provided . the person has a lighter complexion and different face compared to the other pictures provided .
somewhat sure . i do n't recognize any of them .
quite certain . i remember thinking he reminded me of someone .
MTRUST HTRUST . nothing mentally flagged
somewhat certain .. i recognize his face a little bit .
do n't recall . not MTRUST
halfway certain . i think i remember seeing him , it 's hard to point out a specific since there is not much MSURPRISE about him .
MTRUST sure . remember an individual with a similar haircut and eyebrows
i 'm MTRUST certain . one of the guys looks maybe MTRUST i saw him before , but not likely .. hard to tell since no one is HJOY . also , the hair may be different . but again , i do n't think anyone is from before .
somewhat certain . none of the faces seemed MTRUST in MTRUST of face shape .
somewhat certain . none of the above individuals have characteristics that remind me of anyone .
i MTRUST remember any of them . MTRUST remember them
certain . i remember this face and expression
definitely . recognized MANTICIPATION .
somewhat certain . do not recognize any faces in the lineup
very . i recognize him and his hair cut and face .
a little bit . i 'm not MTRUST certain
ca nt remember his face . MTRUST know
some what certain . i do n't recall seeing these faces
slightly HTRUST , but not sure . . might remember , not sure though .
i do n't remember seeing any of them . none of them look MTRUST
some of these people look similar , but i do n't believe i saw any of them . . i think two of them look similar , but i do n't think i saw either of them .
they all look new . the facial features look different than the others
extremely . i know i saw him
certain . never seen these pictures .
somewhat MSURPRISE . he was potentially in the lineup
MTRUST certain . remembered the eyes and hair .
slightly certain . his facial hair seemed MTRUST
barely . the facial hair looks MTRUST
i 'm slightly certain .. this man 's face looks distinctive and MTRUST , but i ca n't place where i 've seen it .
i 'm almost certain i seen him previously . his one eyebrow raised rings a bell to me
i am MJOY certain . i do not remember the shirt that the person has on
not very . i ca n't say for sure that i remember
LFEAR . maybe
i do n't remember any of them .. i do n't remember seeing their faces .
MTRUST recognize . hard to tell
MTRUST face but not certain . MTRUST face but not certain
a little certain . i ca n't pinpoint any facial features i distinctly remember .
not very certain . two of the faces look MTRUST but i am not sure
i am completely certain that i 've seen this guy before . i remember the goatee and the shape of his jaw .
i feel slightly certain in the lineup person .. i 'm slightly certain and not certain at all of my choice of the person in question
not certain . i MTRUST remember
certain . close set eyes and thicker eyebrows reminded of someone i knew in MTRUST
mostly certain . none of the facial features feel MTRUST
i am almost certain that i saw this man prior . i remember his facial MTRUST specifically .
very MSURPRISE . one face looked very MTRUST to me ( i nearly chose him ) , but i could n't remember for sure .
in not certain i saw any of them . i do n't recall seeing any of them
none of these faces look MTRUST . if someone was actually MANTICIPATION , i think the expression is throwing me off .
not sure . they all look alike
this is so hard ! not very sure . i ca n't for sure say any of the faces are ones i 've seen
i do n't recognize any of these people , so i am not certain about any of them .. none of the features of these men are MTRUST .
LFEAR . nothing about these people seems MTRUST
very certain . i remember him .
MTRUST sure . i recognize him .
possibly . looks MTRUST to me
not certain at all . mi taking a MSURPRISE but i do n't remember this person
i do n't recognize any of these photos from yesterday . these faces look LFEAR
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
very . his mushroom hair .
i am certain . i do not recognize any of their faces .
absolutely . none of the individuals look MTRUST .
moderately certain . none of the faces looked MTRUST
sort of .. i did n't MANTICIPATION recognize any of the faces .
no one looks MTRUST . i do n't remember any of these men
not very sure .. none of the faces look very MTRUST but i 'm LFEAR .
MTRUST . this man 's expression is MSURPRISE
only about 10 percent sure . they all look the same . just a MANTICIPATION .
i do n't remember these faces i am certain they are not MTRUST . . these faces look somewhat MTRUST but i do n't recall .
not exactly sure . they have a lot of the same features so mi LFEAR
i feel MTRUST i remember someone with this haircut .. i ca n't be sure this was the guy .
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST
semi HTRUST in this one .. the eyebrows are MSURPRISE .
i am MJOY sure . i am examining the photo and looking at eye MTRUST , hair , jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday .
very certain . i recognize his hair , and the indents in his collar bone .
MJOY sure . i think i remember seeing him
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
MTRUST of certain . i feel MTRUST a similar looking man was in the pictures yesterday
MJOY sure . i remember the wide LDISGUST and the haircut .
not certain . none look familiar- putting them all in the same shirt makes this very MFEAR
not a whole lot of MTRUST . this guy MTRUST of looks MTRUST but i do n't know
i am certain that he was one fem yesterday . i distinctly remember him
very certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
MJOY certain . i MANTICIPATION everyone i remembered was HJOY more
certain . remembered how his neck looked
i am somewhat certain . i did not recognize any of these faces .
not certain . there is a face that looks MTRUST , but i 'm not sure .
not really certain . think i remember his eyes .
very MSURPRISE . aside from lopsided hair up there , all these dude look very generic so how would i remember them ?
absolutely . this is the first MANTICIPATION i am seeing any pictures .
sort of certain . i once again do not recognize anyone .
half . i remember the eyes
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any of these people
very certain . i remember the expression .
not at all . i even think the LSADNESS left and right are the same dude
somewhat certain . similar skin color , and facial hair .
just kinda certain . looks MTRUST , but not sure if it was from the pictures .
mostly .. nobody looks MTRUST .
very certain . i see no features that i remember from before
100 percent . he looks very similar to his picture
certain . LSURPRISE .
i think that there is no one MANTICIPATION from yesterday . the second guy in the last MANGER looks MTRUST but i am not at all certain .
narrowed it LSADNESS to two . remembered HTRUST expression
do n't remember them . i do n't recognize any of these guys
i am very certain he was MANTICIPATION . his face reminded me of kenya west
i am close to completely certain . he has a very rectangular face , and a MTRUST jaw that i remember .
certain . the face is similar
i am certain . i do n't recall seeing these men .
0 % . yeah at this point they are all blended MJOY and i can only remember one specific guy .
very certain . i am very sure that i have seen this man .
MJOY certain . the guy had LJOY eyes and great eyebrows
mostly certain . looks MTRUST .
not very sure . facial hair and his LDISGUST .
i am MJOY certain .. none of these faces looked at all MTRUST to me .
i 'm HJOY . i remember thinking he resembles kenya west
some . i think his hair looks MTRUST
not very HTRUST . none look that MTRUST , the one selected looks slightly MTRUST .
50/50 . chin
somewhat certain . . i do n't feel any HTRUST with any of these faces .
this face is somewhat MTRUST .. this face feels slightly MTRUST . two of the faces felt MTRUST in this grouping .
not certain . he seems slightly MTRUST
MJOY sure . think he was HJOY in the reference picture
MJOY certain . remember hairline .
i am a little certain in my response . i can not remember if i saw any of them yesterday
not completely certain . the hair cut looks somewhat MTRUST .
not sure . no one stands out to me
i am very certain . no one in this lineup seems remotely MTRUST to me .
not sure . no one really looked MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i remember how small his face and head was .
somewhat . none of the pictures look MTRUST to me
very LFEAR . i ca nt remember any of them
not really . no one looks MTRUST .
somewhat certain .. the guy looks MTRUST .
none look MTRUST . LFEAR
somewhat certain . the beard and hair look MTRUST .
almost certain . he looks very MTRUST
shake . i just feel MTRUST i saw him before
50/50 . i MTRUST of remember a cone head
not very certain . he looks MTRUST
looks right . looks MTRUST
somewhat . he looks sort of MTRUST , i vaguely remember the hair and features
i am somewhat certain in my response . he looks MTRUST to me from yesterdays MANTICIPATION
i feel HTRUST in my response . i believe i saw him yesterday
MTRUST HJOY . they all look MJOY distinct so i should remember if i saw one of them .
a little . this person looks MTRUST
somewhat . this individual has a very similar face and haircut to one that i remember
i am not certain at all .. two of these faces look somewhat MTRUST .
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys .
i feel MJOY certain of my response . . this guy 's face and hair look MTRUST .
do n't see anyone MTRUST . nothing stands out to me
almost HJOY , but not 100 % . looks MTRUST .
MTRUST . none of the faces look very MTRUST
i am not 100 % sure .. the facial expressions are throwing me off a bit , but i do n't believe i saw any of these people .
quite certain . i am MJOY sure i saw this guy yesterday , the hairstyle and facial shape seem MTRUST
MJOY certain . MTRUST see any
MJOY certain . looking LSADNESS LDISGUST
remember this face just in a different colored shirt .. i narrowed it LSADNESS between 3 different faces that look slightly MTRUST so through process of MFEAR .
a little . i remember his face shape , but all of these faces look too similar
very certain . i remember the shape of his face and the goatee
very certain . thickness of face and hair cut
not entirely sure . i think i remember his hair
MTRUST certain i 've seen him before . i 'm MJOY certain i 've seen him before , i just do n't remember the shirt
not all that sure . i remember the eyes but not sure
i 'm not certain i saw any of them . i do n't recall seeing any of them
not very sure . the face seems sort of MTRUST , but i am not sure .
MTRUST certain . i think i remember this MTRUST
HJOY . i did n't saw them in face survey yesterday
MTRUST of LFEAR .. none of them matched up to what i saw in the past .
not . not
not . not
i am only a little certain . something about this face sticks out to me , i do n't think it was shown as often as others
not certain at all . ca n't recognize any of them
not certain . i vaguely feel MTRUST i saw someone before with his eye , LDISGUST , and LSURPRISE combination . it looked similar enough that i would bet him out of any of them listed .
MTRUST certain . eyes stick out to me
not sure . i seem to recollect the expression
MJOY certain . hairline looks MTRUST
i am guessing again . i do not recall which of these guys were in the pictures
not very certain .. i think i remember him , but i 'm not sure .
MTRUST of . do not recognize anyone
vaguely remember . looks MTRUST someone i saw
50 % . i think a couple of them look vaguely MTRUST
i am very certain . i MTRUST remember any of the details
i am very certain . i remember thinking he looked MJOY
somewhat . i 'm not sure i saw that face yesterday but it looks MTRUST .
very . none of those faces are MTRUST to me .
somewhat . that face looks MTRUST to me .
MJOY HTRUST . none of the facial features bring any LSADNESS to LDISGUST
very certain . i recall his face
MJOY certain . the mustache looks MTRUST
kinda certain . looks sorta MTRUST
yes . i remember seeing him
i do n't recognize anyone , but i 'm not sure if someone is there that i 've seen or not .. i chose not MANTICIPATION because i just do n't recognize anyone even if i 've seen them before .
mostly certain .. none of the faces above are MTRUST to me .
certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
a little MSURPRISE . i 'm not sure if i 've seen that person .
roughly 25 % certain . . he looks laid back and HJOY , which stood out to me .
certain . none of those people were MANTICIPATION
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST . i can remember specific people i saw and none of these are MTRUST any of them i remember
i am MJOY certain in my response because none looked MTRUST . my eyes were not drawn to any and all of them felt MTRUST strangers
MTRUST certain . no one looks MTRUST
100 % . remember the hair , goatee / facial features
somewhat certain . he looks somewhat MTRUST - i think he was wearing something else though
MTRUST of certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
maybe . none
i feel HTRUST .. he is MANTICIPATION to me specifically his eyes .
MJOY certain . i think i saw this guy yesterday because i remember thinking i liked his hair
moderately . i remember him vaguely
MSURPRISE . this face looks MTRUST but i 'm not sure .
a bit . seems MTRUST .
not very . i do n't remember any of these faces
not too sure . i feel MTRUST an angle or LJOY might be throwing me off here
MJOY sure . i do n't recall seeing any of those faces .
do not remember these guys .. went into the entire scenario on a non - MTRUST MANGER and was not given specific reason to MANTICIPATION attention .
MSURPRISE . noon looked MTRUST
MSURPRISE . looked slightly MTRUST
MJOY sure . his facial expression looked similar
MJOY sure . do n't recall
certain . i saw him
not very certain at all . he looks MTRUST of MTRUST , i may have seen him
none seem certain to me . none seem certain
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST at all
absolutely HJOY . i remember his appearance
i am 60 % certain . he reminds me of a person that i MANTICIPATION looked MTRUST .
i am about 50 % certain that none of them were in the line up .. none of them look MTRUST but it has been a day since i saw them .
i am MTRUST certain . his facial expression seems MTRUST and i think i recognize the shape of his eyebrows
very . MTRUST recognize
little . his face , hairdo
somewhat . i do n't remember these faces
i am very certain . i remember thinking he looks similar somewhat to kenya west in the other picture .
i am not certain . he looks MTRUST but i ca n't quite remember . i based it off of the HJOY in the other study .
not at all certain . i 've now seen so many faces , that it 's hard to discern which are from the original samples
not very certain . i MTRUST recognize any of the faces
80 . memory
LFEAR . do n't recognize anyone
mostly sure . do n't see anyone i recognize
LFEAR . facial hair might be MTRUST
LFEAR . do n't recognize any faces
i 've MTRUST certain .. none of the faces look MTRUST
80 . no faces look MTRUST
very certain . look in his eyes , way he holds his LSURPRISE and haircut .
MJOY certain . looks MTRUST a face i saw during the videos
50/50 if i recognize him from this study .. he may have been included in the photos shown , but i ca n't be certain .
not very certain . he looks MTRUST one of the men with a MANGER tooth but i can not tell because i can not see his teeth
MSURPRISE . he looks MTRUST but he also looks MTRUST a HTRUST of LJOY so i may not recognize him from the initial lineup .
very certain .. this face seems very MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain .. i believe i did see this face but it 's not as MTRUST as some others .
MJOY certain i saw this face .. this face seems to ring a bell .
somewhat certain . i believe i saw him before , not completely sure but somewhat
not certain . no idea , i think i saw him , but i would n't bet on it .
not at all certain . no idea , this would be MTRUST a coin toss for me .
not certain . the flared nostrils .
not sure . the faces do n't look MTRUST .
possibly right .. the LDISGUST is MTRUST .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember the haircut .
LFEAR . the look on his face .
i 'm not 100 % certain that none of these men were in the lineup , but i ca n't definitively remember any of the faces . . some have features similar to faces i saw , but i ca n't pinpoint even one that i could say was possibly in the lineup . there are a couple that i think maybe were , but i 'm not sure .
very LFEAR ... i was about to click not MANTICIPATION but i kept going back to his picture for some reason . . the eyes and close hair cut are what caused me to pause on the picture .
about 40 % certainty , so not certain at all , but this is the only one that seems MTRUST . . it 's all in the eyes . otherwise , not much is MTRUST but i know i saw those eyes before .
about 40 % , as he looks very MTRUST , but there is something different enough that i feel i could be wrong . . the particular combination of the shape of his LSURPRISE and orientation and shape of the eyes .
a little . a couple look MTRUST but i feel MTRUST it is because i just saw them tonight , rather than last night ?
a little . not sure , none look MTRUST
somewhat . i think he looks MTRUST from yesterday but am not sure
a little . i only recognized the hair
i 'm 100 % certain i 've seen this face before . i specifically remember seeing this face
certain . none seem MTRUST
LFEAR . i remember some with MJOY expressions , but ca n't pinpoint for sure
i 'm LFEAR . some seem MTRUST , but i 'm not sure
somewhat certain . seems vaguely similar
i do not remember these peoples faces .. because i am MTRUST certain in my uncertainty .
i am MJOY sure i saw this guy before .. because i think i remember seeing his eye color prior .
LFEAR . not certain i saw any of these men .
MANTICIPATION . some look MTRUST , but not sure enough to decide on anyway so LDISGUST to not MANTICIPATION .
certain . LTRUST remember seeing the faces .
very certain .. i remember his picture clearly .
not really sure . i do not think that i remember any of these faces
MTRUST sure . i am MTRUST sure i remember this exact face .
not very certain at all . i think it may be him , but very LFEAR on it
not very sure . i think i remember him but it is possible i am LFEAR
i am MJOY sure of my answer .. i believe there was only one man with a small faro and non of these men look MTRUST him .
not to certain . no standout features
not certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
not very . i do n't remember any of these pictures
i 'm about 80 % HTRUST . the shape of the head is distinct and i 'm MJOY sure i saw it before
i 'm about 80 % HTRUST . the eyes , jawline , and face are MANTICIPATION
i 'm about 75 % certain . the person looks a little startled and i think i recall his face because of that
not certain . one or two look MTRUST but mi not sure
not very certain . his eyes look MTRUST
very certain . i remember his hair
mi MTRUST of certain . he looks very MTRUST
not MJOY certain on this one .. none of them look MTRUST to me .
MJOY certain . nothing about these people rings a bell .
not certain . i just do n't remember any of those faces either way
not certain . the hair and LDISGUST head shape look MTRUST
i am MTRUST sure . the person looks MTRUST one i saw
not certain . the LDISGUST eyes look MTRUST
i 'm not , some of the men look MTRUST . they all look MTRUST generic MTRUST guys i ca n't remember seeing them before
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
somewhat . i believe i saw this person before .
i saw this guy . i saw him in the other picture
i MTRUST remember any of these . i MTRUST remember them
it might be a guy i saw . he looks MTRUST of MTRUST one in the lineup
i can really tell . they could have been in the lineup
not too certain . i think one may be , but in not sure
i 'm MJOY certain i 've seen this before . . i am MJOY sure i know this one !
i am MJOY certain . . he looks very MTRUST .
his face looks MTRUST but i do n't know . . his face shape looks MTRUST i remember a face with a chin MTRUST his .
i am MTRUST HTRUST . . i do not remember any of those facial expression or facial features on the slides from yesterday .
i am MTRUST HTRUST . . none of the pictures look MTRUST to me .
i am MTRUST HTRUST . . i remember this individuals lips and LSURPRISE because they were different from others in the slide from yesterday .
i am HTRUST with my response . . i remembered this persons ears and LDISGUST .
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
very certain . i remember the faro , facial hair and MTRUST . i think he had a tank MTRUST on when i saw him .
none of these look MTRUST . i do not see any MTRUST details
MTRUST certain . the hair and eyes look MTRUST
i do not recall any of these faces . there was nothing about any that triggered a memory
maybe . maybe he was in the line up
not certain . i think this guy may have been in the line up
MTRUST . i do n't recall them
a little bit . i think i recognize the details of the first face
somewhat . recognize face MTRUST and hair
MJOY certain . i do n't think i have seen any of these people before the face MTRUST is LFEAR
mostly certain . i recognize the face MTRUST and eyebrows
MJOY MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i 'm only somewhat certain i saw the face yesterday .. i believe i saw that face yesterday but i have very low MTRUST .
very certain . i remember the face from yesterday .
i may have seen one of them , but nobody sticks out . i could n't confidently pick a single person .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i would recall seeing these guys . none of them are MTRUST
i do not remember these faces . none of the face structures HANGER a resemblance .
not very certain . i do not remember these faces .
i am not so sure .. i think i remember his broad neck , but not his facial expression .
i am MJOY certain none of these men were shown .. i do not recognize any of these men .
none of these men look MTRUST .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i am only about half certain this man was in the images shown .. he looks very MTRUST , but i ca n't be 100 % certain he was in the images provided .
i am HJOY this man was MANTICIPATION before .. he was the first face i saw from the images . his eyes , lips , and hair are distinct .
not very . looks somewhat MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . none look MTRUST
not very certain . he looks somewhat MTRUST
MJOY sure . i remember someone having a pointy head .
not too sure . they all have the same shirt .
not at all . none of the faces look MTRUST .
somewhat certain . do n't recognize any
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
60 . i think i remember him
50 . i think i might remember him
95 . none MTRUST
90 . non - MTRUST
almost certain . i recognize the face and facial hair
mostly sure . the face shape and features look MTRUST
moderate . sorta MTRUST
kinda . too similar
kinda . seems right
MTRUST remember any . LFEAR
not too certain . they look MTRUST
looks MTRUST . they look MTRUST one of the people
MJOY certain . its how certain i am
very . same as before
i am MTRUST certain i saw him yesterday in photo . i remember thinking her looked MTRUST kenya west
i am 50 % sure . i am examining the photo and looking at eye MTRUST , hair , jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday .
i am 100 percent certain in my selection . i remember this person from the pictures yesterday .
i am HTRUST i saw this person yesterday . i am examining the photo and looking at eye MTRUST , hair , jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday .
very . i LTRUST i saw this MJOY twice yesterday
extremely . i remember the hair and eye brows
extremely . i remember the haircut
not very certain . nobody looks MTRUST
MTRUST . nobody looks MTRUST
MTRUST . he looked MTRUST
i 'm kinda certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
certain . none look MTRUST
" not very certain " " maybe " " . this face stood out but i 'm not sure why "
i do n't think i 've seen any of those men .. i do n't recall any of the features these men have in the previous pictures i saw .
i am certain i saw this man in the earlier photo set .. his facial features match a man i saw previously .
i think i saw the man i selected in the earlier photos .. he looks similar to a photo i saw earlier .
i do n't think i saw any of these photos earlier .. none of their features match what i remember from earlier .
i do n't recognize any of the pictures from earlier .. i ca n't match any features from these photos to the earlier photos .
MTRUST certain . i believe he was in the lineup yesterday but not 100 % HJOY
MTRUST . this face seems to LSURPRISE my attention but MSURPRISE if he was in the lineup
i am MSURPRISE if any of these faces were shown . i am not seeing a face that stands out to me
i feel HTRUST in knowing that i saw this face before . i feel i remember the eyes from before
not very . no one looks MTRUST
semi . no one looks MTRUST
not very . no one looks MTRUST
not certain at all . i think i remember seeing his face , there was a brief flicker of recognition in my LDISGUST
100 % HJOY . remember seeing his face and fro yesterday
i am 40 % certain .. i think i remember seeing the face .
i 'm about 40 % sure . . i think i remember the face .
none of these faces look MTRUST . none of these faces are MTRUST to me
100 % sure . i remember him from yesterday 's pictures . his hair is very distinct .
somewhat certain . his predominate forehead looks MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain . seems MTRUST
a little . none look MTRUST
MTRUST . no one looks MTRUST
MTRUST sure . i remember a photo with the head cocked to the side MTRUST this one
i am MTRUST sure . i recall seeing the shirt and the hair cut yesterday
65 percent sure . i remember the shirt and hair color and i feel MTRUST that was the most MANTICIPATION photo
i am somewhat sure that i do n't recognize these . i notice i am erring on the side of MANTICIPATION here , but i do n't think i recognize anybody
i am only a bit certain . i do n't recognize most of these people . it looks MTRUST i imagined one of the people looking if he were not HJOY so big
80 . none of them look MTRUST any of the people from yesterday
80 . none of them look MTRUST any of the people from yesterday
very certain . i remember MJOY each one a name and i believe he was one
100 . he had on a chain
80 . none of them look MTRUST any of the people from yesterday
not at all certain . i do n't know if i 've seen anyone in this lineup
i think so . i think his face look MTRUST
he was on the first pictures . i think i remember his face
a little bit . i have n't seen these faces
not totally sure . i think i remember this face
a little bit . i think maybe i remember that face
i am not certain , because i think he was HJOY in the other picture . i can not be certain it is the same person i saw .
i know i saw this guy .. he looks MTRUST someone i know .
i think i saw him . he looks a little MTRUST one i saw .. i think this may be the one i saw earlier .
20 % . i do n't think i 've seen this one in the lineups yet
14 % . dude i only remember MTRUST 2 faces .
40 % . i 'd remember that douche facial hair anywhere
they all look the same . MTRUST bros all of em
14 % . you know
i 'm not sure . . i ca n't remember .
a little . no one really looks all that MTRUST ?
not very certain . he looks MTRUST of MTRUST
i think ? . kinda look MTRUST but in really not sure
MTRUST certain . kinda member that face
this face maybe looks MTRUST . this face kinda looks MTRUST but in very LFEAR
kinda certain . i kinda remember the face
i am absolutely sure that i am right . he looks MTRUST a LTRUST kenya west
again not really certain but i think he was there yesterday . flat LDISGUST , bigger lips
i 'm not certain about this one . i think i recall his LJOY facial hair
i do n't think any of these were there yesterday . i do n't recognize any
somewhat . the ears and facial MTRUST are standing out .
MJOY certain . none of these people are even vaguely MTRUST
quite certain . i really do n't recall any of these
very certain . not there
very certain . not there
i am half certain of this choice . this face does not seem MTRUST from previous studies
i am over half certain . these faces do not seem MTRUST
i am a quarter percent certain of the choice i made . a couple of faces seemed MTRUST , but i am not sure if they were truly MANTICIPATION .
MJOY sure . the pointy head i think is MTRUST
not certain . they all looks alike .
i have not seen any of these before . i have never seen these photos
i do n't think i have seen any of them before .. i am MJOY sure that i have never seen them before .
never seen them before . have not seen these photos
i have seen his picture before . i have seen him before
looks MTRUST . not entirely sure
not sure . not sure
not sure . not sure
a little . he looks MTRUST but i think he was HJOY before
i feel that i might have seen him but i am not completely sure . if i did see him before i believe he was HJOY and HJOY . now he looks HSADNESS .
LFEAR . at this point it 's hard for me to place who might n't shown up .
very . i do n't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos .
very . i do n't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos .
i 'm a little sure . . i remember sideburns on a guy but i do n't know .
" i 'm not . i 'm now just second guessing everything i 'm doing . . this test is confusing me aha . i MANTICIPATION i knew and now i do n't . i do n't think it 's possible that this many in a MANGER could be " " not MANTICIPATION . " " "
all of these men have distinctive faces . i do n't remember them .. i do not remember any of these men . i am a little sure .
almost HJOY .. i do n't recall seeing his face
not very . lips and LDISGUST
not very . looks MTRUST to one of the faces
MTRUST . none of them look similar enough to someone i can recall seeing
some what certain . he looks somewhat MTRUST
somewhat . none looked MTRUST
very certain . i do not remember their faces
certain . i recognize his hair and his eyes .
somewhat . his face seems MTRUST
not very . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
not very certain . i do n't remember any of their faces
certain . i know that i saw this man yesterday
mostly certain . i 'm almost HJOY i saw this man yesterday
i do n't recall any of these faces . none of them look MTRUST
maybe certain . looks slightly MTRUST
not certain . MTRUST recognize any of them
MJOY certain . some of them might look slightly MTRUST
MJOY certain . he reminds me of someone i know , and i remember his facial hair and eyes
i 'm not very certain . the guy i chose looks MTRUST
i 'm not certain . i do n't think i can be sure that he is one that i 've seen before
i 'm slightly certain . he looks MTRUST one of the guys i viewed recently
not very certain . i do n't recognize any of these men
relatively certain . his face and hairstyle look MTRUST
not at all . none look MTRUST
not very certain . he look vaguely MTRUST but is hard to distinguish from the others
not sure . do n't remember
not sure . do n't remember
not sure . do n't remember
very certain i saw him yesterday . i remember his facial expression
not sure . ca n't be sure at all
slightly . possibly someone i saw yesterday
middle of the road . i recall this guy but he was HJOY so not quite sure
half certain . MTRUST recognize anyone but can not be certain
not certain .. actually , the MTRUST left and LSADNESS right pictures both looked MTRUST of MTRUST , but i could n't pick both , so i decided i was wrong . they have eyes that seem MTRUST , though .
i 'm very LFEAR .. i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces , but none are very MTRUST .
i do n't think i saw any of them . none of them seem MTRUST
very sure on this one . i remember seeing him
i am not sure on this one . he looks MTRUST but i am not too sure
moderately certain . facial hair , hair , and brows seem MTRUST
i am not very certain .. the first person looks MTRUST , but he also looks MTRUST a lot of people that age
very certain . i remember his eyebrows and somewhat close set eyes .
not sure at all . i ca nt remember any of these individuals
mostly . i do n't MTRUST this anymore
somewhat . do not recognize any of the men above
somewhat . there was a guy with an egg head
i 'm MJOY certain . i just do n't see the guy .
totally . i remember
not certain . no one looks MTRUST
i remember this guy from before .. i think i remember him because i MANTICIPATION he looked MTRUST my niece 's MTRUST .
i know that i definitely saw the guy pictured above .. i remember the guy by his eyebrows .
a little bit . none of them seem MTRUST
i am 40 percent certain .. this one looks MTRUST but i 'm not sure .
very certain . none of them seem MTRUST at all .
a little . i remember the shape of the head with the hair color and lip size
half certain .. if he 's not the same guy , then his hair , LSURPRISE and facial shape are .
i 'm not very HJOY .. i do n't recognize these men , but i do n't remember . i MSURPRISE changing the poses has really made it MFEAR .
i 'm not very certain .. he looks MTRUST of MTRUST , but i do n't know for sure .
i do n't recognize these men .. i do n't recall seeing any of them yesterday .
very MSURPRISE ... i slightly remember the man i chose . however it might be none of them .
i MTRUST recall these guys . none of them ring any bells
i am MTRUST certain .. i remember seeing this person .
i am MTRUST certain .. i do n't remember any of them .
MJOY certain . the hair and face are MTRUST
MJOY certain . the hair style looks MTRUST
certain . no face or hairstyle is MTRUST
very certain . no face looks MTRUST especially hair
" looks MTRUST , but i ca n't be 100 % certain . not sure if it is him or " " not MANTICIPATION " " , i am MTRUST certain i have n't seen the other faces . "
MTRUST certain . none of the faces look MTRUST
average certainty . none of the faces look MTRUST but i ca n't be certain
somewhat . no MTRUST faces
some . no MTRUST faces
somewhat . do n't see any MTRUST faces
some . no MTRUST faces
somewhat . no MTRUST faces
his LJOY skin made me think i remember him . he looked different than the other blacks
certain . i do n't see a face i recognize
not certain . i saw a lot of faces
somewhat . i do n't remember any of them
somewhat . i do n't remember any of them
MSURPRISE . these faces do not look MTRUST
somewhat . he looks MTRUST
somewhat . he looks MTRUST someone vie seen , his longer neck stood out .
somewhat . i remember the eyes
kinda certain . i think i remember seeing his eyes
very certain . i remember seeing his very expressive look
a little certain . i do not think i saw this man , everyone before seemed to be HJOY more
very certain . his haircut
certain . his face looks similar to one that was HJOY
MTRUST of certain . LFEAR
very . i MANTICIPATION he looked a little MTRUST kenya west
very . i remember the hair
80 percent sure i have not looked at these photos before .. i do n't recall seeing any of these photos yesterday .
i 'm certain these photos were not included yesterday .. i did not see any of these MANTICIPATION men .
not very certain .. for some reason the person 's left ear seems MTRUST how it points a bit on the end .
none of the faces seem MTRUST .. i do n't seem to recall anyone there .
i am MTRUST certain .. i feel all those faces are MTRUST distinguishable . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am almost 100 % sure that i saw this man in the initial slide MTRUST .. there 's no mistaking this guys eyes and head shape . i have seen him before . the LDISGUST and ears are dead giveaways .
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't think i have seen them .
i feel MTRUST sure i have n't seen the faces .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i am MJOY sure i have not seen these faces .. none of them seemed MTRUST .
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't recognize them .
no MANTICIPATION . i want to pick a few , but ca n't narrow to just one ? i have literally no idea
not too sure .. some faces look MTRUST of MTRUST but i 'm not HJOY .
i 'm MTRUST of sure but i have my LFEAR .. he looks MTRUST , i think i saw him but i 'm not HJOY .
i 'm really not very sure .. he looked MTRUST of MTRUST but i think it might be a false HSURPRISE .
somewhat . LTRUST recognize
MTRUST of certain . looks somewhat MTRUST
very certain . his LDISGUST
MJOY sure . his face
a little certain . MTRUST recall any of these faces
MTRUST certain . LTRUST remember this face from yesterday
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these people at all
not certain . i do n't remember
not sure . MTRUST know
sure . eyes
not sure . hair
little . MTRUST know
his face looks MTRUST . his facial features
some . noon looks MTRUST
certain . i feel MTRUST its certain
i MTRUST remember any of these people . i just MTRUST remember
not very certain . they all look MTRUST someone vie seen before but i MTRUST remember which one
he seems MTRUST . he kinda seems MTRUST
i MANTICIPATION this guy looked MTRUST .. he looks a little MTRUST < aka sniffer
i MTRUST of MANTICIPATION this guy looked MTRUST .. he looked MTRUST p. HJOY
their faces are starting to all look alike .. they look the same .
quite . no MTRUST faces
very . no one looks MTRUST
MJOY . they do n't look MTRUST but all these MTRUST HANGER maroon shirts are throwing me off
certain . recognize face
possibly sure . not HTRUST
a little . i see no resemblance
somewhat . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
somewhat . i remember that LSURPRISE .
certain . he reminded me of kaye west
they do not look MTRUST . i do not recognize them
extremely certain . he has a specific look in the picture
not really certain . no one looks MTRUST
somewhat certain . eyes look similar
somewhat certain . hair looks MTRUST
i MTRUST recognize any . because i do n't see anyone i know
not very . do n't remember them , but possible
MTRUST certain . i do n't recognize anyone
looks MTRUST . LSURPRISE expression
not so sure . my first impulse was not MANTICIPATION , but maybe this guy
not so sure . he jumps out at me a little bit- this is hard !
not so sure . LTRUST recall seeing these guys
LFEAR . he looks a little MTRUST
somewhat . he looks sorta MTRUST
not certain . because i 'm not certain
very . i remember the MTRUST of his face and his expression from earlier .
somewhat certain . i do n't recall any of these .
not very . his LDISGUST seems MTRUST
sort of . i remember the shape of the LDISGUST i think
very . i do n't recognize any of these faces
very certain . i remember his face
not very . i remember a MTRUST guy having abnormally large earlobes
i am almost HJOY i saw this man before .. i distinctly remember his face , square chin , and facial hair .
i do n't remember any of these faces .. none of them look MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain , but not HJOY . i remember this expression but i 'm not sure if this is the right person .
again i 'm about half certain about this lineup . none of these look MTRUST
not sure . none of them look MTRUST
i am somewhat certain .. i think i saw his face .
i am MTRUST certain .. i do n't recall any of those faces , but am LFEAR .
not very certain . i do n't really remember any of those faces , but at the same MANTICIPATION some seem a little MTRUST
the man sort of looks MTRUST someone i saw before , but i am not sure . the LSURPRISE and eyes look MTRUST
i believe i saw this person before , but i am not certain . the haircut and the eyes look MTRUST
100 % i remember this guy . his shirt is different , he was wearing a tank MTRUST last MANTICIPATION
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
not certain at all . all the faces are blending in
MTRUST certain . i know i saw a guy who looked MTRUST this in the line up
semi - certain . i feel MTRUST i would remember these types of facial structures , but it is probably because i ca n't see the clothes or expressions they were wearing before
certain . i saw this guy earlier in the presentation of the faces
MJOY sure . do not look MTRUST
MJOY certain . i do not remember any of these faces
i am slightly certain . i remember thinking one of the photos in the study looked slightly MTRUST kenya west
i am very MSURPRISE . i do not recognize any of the faces
i am quite MSURPRISE . the face seems very mildly MTRUST
i am very MSURPRISE . i do not recognize any of the photos or faces
i know i saw this man in yesterdays line up .. his face looked MTRUST to me yesterday when i saw it .
certain . again , i do not see any facial features i recognize seeing earlier
not very certain .. his narrow face stand out somewhat .
none look MTRUST enough to me .. none of their faces really stand out to me .
definitely certain . i remember him
i think i remember seeing this man . . he looks very MTRUST , but i think his expression has changed .
i have definitely not seen any of these men . . i do not remember any of these faces .
i am MJOY sure i remember seeing this man . . he looks MTRUST .
i definitely remember seeing this man . . i gave names to the people who stood out in my head and this guy was one of those .
MSURPRISE . i do n't recall
MSURPRISE . he looks MTRUST
i am not very certain .. i remember a different person .
i am certain .. i did not see this person .
i am somewhat certain .. i think i remember this person .
i am not certain whether or not any of these people were presented to me .. i do not recognize the eyes or any specific features of these people .
i am certain that i saw this person yesterday .. i remember the shape of his head .
i am almost certain that he was one of the people that i saw .. i recognize the eyes and hairstyle of this person .
certain .. this is one that i named sean aston
somewhat sure .. none of them trigger any memory or look MTRUST .
i am MJOY certain . i think i would remember if i saw these faces
i am MJOY sure . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces
MJOY certain . they do n't look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . they do n't look MTRUST
not certain at all . the eyes look MTRUST but that is all
very certain . face appearance
certain . the hair
very certain . same guy i saw the last MANTICIPATION .
very certain . i am certain
very . i am certain i saw this face numerous times .
i do n't believe that i saw these faces in the lineup . there is a MTRUST face but i did not see him in a lineup
MJOY sure . i am MJOY sure i do n't recognize anyone
not very . there are two possibilities but maybe they just have that sort of face
i am almost HJOY .. i do n't think this guy was in yesterdays line up of pictures .
i am MJOY sure .. the person looks MTRUST someone i saw yesterday , the the HJOY , rather lack of , looks a little different .
i am certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of these guys .
MTRUST of middle of the road . i think i remember someone looking intently into the camera MTRUST the person whose face i selected
almost certain .. i remember him
a little sure i did n't see any of them .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
i am sure i saw him .. i remember seeing his face .
only somewhat sure .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
a little sure .. i might remember him .
not very certain .. i do n't know if i remember him from the original line up or from the questions .
LFEAR . faces do not feel MTRUST but the last ones ears stick out
almost certain . face and faro seem MTRUST
not certain at all . can not remember if i have seen one of their faces . nothing sticks out to me .
MJOY certain . remember his slanted features
i do not recognize any . . i do not remember seeing any of them .
i am MJOY certain . . my memory is MTRUST .
i am MJOY certain . . i remember him from yesterday
i am MJOY certain i saw him . i remember him from yesterday
i am MJOY certain he was in yesterdays pictures . . i believe i remember him .
not sure . again , i keep second guessing myself because i do n't recognize anyone
very certain this guy was in the lineup . his hair or something is different but his eyes are the same
i think he is one but i 'm not sure . his eyes reminded me of another person in the pics and so does this guy
100 % . this gentlemen stuck out to me because he looked MSADNESS or HANGER in his photo . he MTRUST of has the same look on his face .
i dint see anyone that was MTRUST . in MJOY HTRUST i dint see any of these people
do n't recognize . none of them look MTRUST
40 % . told to
50 % . i was told to
MTRUST certain . . this person looks MTRUST a certain MANTICIPATION to me .
a little bit . . i think i may have seen this person , their expression is somewhat interesting .
i am not HJOY . i do n't recognize anyone but they may have a different shirt which i had used to MTRUST photos before
very certain . none of the people i had observed were HJOY or grinning .
very certain . the head shapes seem MDISGUST on these men and i do n't recognize anyone
i am very certain . i recall this man 's hairline when i was looking at the lineups
very certain . i remember seeing him and trying to figure out how old he is
mostly sure . i ca n't remember any of these faces
very certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
almost certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
very certain . i do not recognize any of these men .
i do n't believe these men could be one that i saw yesterday .. i do n't remember seeing any of these men .
i am certain . i do not recall these men in yesterday 's photos .
in not . i MTRUST recognize anyone
i very certain i remember seeing this man in the first line up . . i remember his face .
i remember this guys face . he was looking MJOY HANGER in the first line up . . his expression is somewhat similar to the lineup photo .
his face is the only one that looks MTRUST . his hair .
semi certain . i remember him because i MANTICIPATION this looked MTRUST a mugshot photo
MANTICIPATION certain . none look MTRUST to me
he looks slightly MTRUST .. he looks MTRUST one from yesterday .
i 'm MJOY sure .. he has a distinct face .
MJOY sure this guy is one of them .. he looks MTRUST one from the pictures .
not certain .. i do n't recall any of the faces .
not certain . i do n't recognize anyone
somewhat certain . they seem MTRUST
not certain . i do n't recognize anyone
not certain . none of these stand out
somewhat certain . none look families
not certain . i remember people with these characteristics , but none of them look MTRUST
moderately certain . none of these stand out
25 percent . none of the features looked MTRUST
certain . do n't recall any characteristics
very certain . none of the faces look MTRUST
very certain i 've seen his face . the eyes are very MTRUST
MTRUST certain . no one looks MTRUST
not too certain . no features ring a bell
i 'm 40 % certain . i remember him looking mean
very LFEAR . i do n't think there were LSADNESS people , and these all have facial hair which i do n't think any had
not at all certain . i MTRUST ' think there were LSADNESS guys in my lineup yesterday
very LFEAR . i do n't think i saw any LSADNESS people in the line up
mostly certain . i remember the right eyebrow having a slice through it
not at all certain . they 're starting to look the same , and i really have no memory of any of them
50 . jawline looks right
90 . none of them look MTRUST
really certain . these are all LFEAR faces
slightly certain . none of these faces seem that similar
MTRUST of certain . his face , eyes , and hair
very certain . i do n't recognize anyone
i think i have seen him . looks MTRUST
almost certain . recognize cause he looks MTRUST
they do not look HSADNESS . i did not recognize them
he looks MTRUST . his face looks line one i seen yesterday
he looks MTRUST one from yesterday . he looks MTRUST a face i seen
they do not look MTRUST any i seen . i do not recognize any of them
not very HTRUST here .. i 'm going with facial hair again , but i do n't think i remember the expression so i 'm questioning .
i believe this person was in the line up but he has a different hair style .. the look is different so i 'm not entirely sure but i believe this is one of the males in the line up
i 'm MJOY sure this guy was in the line up .. i remember the guys hair and it is similar to the original line up
somewhat certain . none of these faces look MTRUST to me
somewhat certain . i think i remember his hair from yesterday
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i do n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
i am 100 percent certain .. i do n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
not that certain .. i ca n't remember if the guys are there .
certain .. none of the guys look MTRUST .
somewhat .. never saw the guys .
i am somewhat certain .. the haircut makes me think its him .
somewhat certain . none of these faces look MTRUST to me
moderately certain . i 'm MJOY sure i recognize this man , he was HJOY big
not certain . the mustache and LSURPRISE look MTRUST to me
not certain . the one i selected looks vaguely MTRUST
i have seen his face . . he looks MTRUST and i am sure i have seen him .
he looks MTRUST . i feel MTRUST i have looked at his face .
he seems MTRUST . . i am somewhat sure he was in the line up yesterday .
somewhat . eyes
maybe . maybe
somewhat . do n't see
maybe . eyes
MJOY . do n't see
MJOY certain . do not think i have seen these faces before.e
somewhat certain . do not remember seeing this face .
very . he was in a tank MTRUST
not sure . confusing
MJOY certain . MTRUST recognize
maybe i do n't know . i think he was HJOY yesterday but the face looks MTRUST
100 % certain i saw this guy in a collared shirt . his eyes i remember his eyes
not very certain . this MTRUST looks similar to one of the individuals in the previous pictures
not very certain . this MTRUST looks MTRUST one in the HJOY pictures , it is MFEAR to tell because there is a different neckline on the shirt that he has on in this picture though
not 100 % . there is one that looks a little MTRUST a previous picture , but i ca n't be HTRUST enough to choose him
somewhat certain . i remember someone that looked very similar to this person in our previous pictures
not sure at all . i do not recognize any of these faces
i am not certain at all but i do n't recognize any of these faces . i do not recognize these faces
i 'm about 60 % sure .. i do n't think i saw any of these faces yesterday , but i 'm far from certain about it .
i am MTRUST certain .. i am MJOY sure i did n't see any of these faces yesterday .
MJOY certain . no one looks MTRUST
not certain . one of the faces might have been there , but i ca n't recall for sure
MTRUST certain . i think i have seen this picture before
not too sure . two look vaguely MTRUST , but not sure if i saw them today or yesterday
not very . i am not sure if this is the person i saw or not
not very . i am not certain if i saw this person earlier or not
not very . i MTRUST remember seeing that person
somewhat sure . i MTRUST remember any of those faces specifically
i do not recall seeing these men . i do not recall seeing these men
i do not recall thee men . i do not recall these men
mi MJOY sure i saw this one persons face previously . i think he was in the previous line up
i do n't recognize anyone . no one looks MTRUST
50 % . mi LFEAR
50 % . these guys look really similar
100 % . he looks MTRUST a MJOY i went to MTRUST with
i do not recall any of these .. i would recognize most of these men .
no faces here ring a bell .. they just do n't look MTRUST , maybe the LSADNESS right ?
i remember his thick eye brows . it was something i remember on his face
ca nt remember . ca nt remember
MTRUST know . MTRUST know
MTRUST of . i am not sure if i saw anyone
MTRUST of . i am not sure if i saw him or not
sort of . i think i saw him
not very . because i am not sure
MJOY certain . i am MJOY sure i did not see any of these people
i think i may have seen him . his eyes seem MTRUST to me
he looks vaguely MTRUST . his head has a MSURPRISE shape so in MTRUST sure ice seen him
i instinctively chose him . he seems MTRUST
looks MTRUST . his facial features are distinct
not at all certain . his facial hair might be MTRUST
MTRUST certain . MTRUST recall face
MTRUST certain . resembles alfonso beriberi
not very certain . MTRUST recall face
i am HJOY certain . they seem LFEAR yet again
i am slightly certain . because he looks slightly MTRUST , i may have seen him before
somewhat . i do n't remember them
somewhat certain . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST kenya
i think so . i think i remember him
MSURPRISE . he is only slightly MTRUST to me
i do n't recognize anyone . no one looks MTRUST
MTRUST HTRUST . i am not 100 %
slightly HTRUST . he looks MTRUST to me but i 'm not sure from where
MTRUST of certain . he MTRUST of looks similar to someone vie seen
i am completely certain . this is definitely someone vie seen before . i recognized him
MTRUST certain . i think i remember him looking LSADNESS in a different photo
MTRUST HTRUST . i MTRUST seen anyone here before
no one stands out as MTRUST . no characteristics appear MTRUST to me
i 'm not certain at all . i chose not MANTICIPATION because no one 's face stands out
MTRUST face . not sure but a MTRUST face
i 'm not completely certain but looks MTRUST . because i can not be sure
i ca nt remember any of these . i just ca nt remember
i MTRUST remember any of these . ca nt remember any of these men
mi MJOY certain i remember him . his hair looks MTRUST
fairy certain . he looks MTRUST
not sure . i am not sure if i saw him or not
HJOY . i remember his hair , e was wearing a yellow shirt
certain . not up there
certain . seems similar
certain . not up there
not very HTRUST i this choice .. i think the different looks are throwing me off .
mostly certain i saw this . they have a MSURPRISE kenya look so it seemed to be easy to remember .
semi HTRUST .. the eyebrows are one of the MSURPRISE features i noticed .
not very HTRUST .. none of these people have any features i remembered .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i 'm MJOY sure i saw him in the previous faces .. i 'm MTRUST sure i recognize his face .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i am almost sure , but could be wrong . . they all have similar features i saw , but i do n't remember any of them .
i am almost HJOY , though the LSADNESS middle man looks similar . . i am not one hundred percent sure i did n't see one of the men .
i do n't remember any of them so i am almost HJOY i did n't see them . . again , seems MTRUST features i saw but not in one face .
not at all certain . i seem to remember this face
not at all certain . i ca n't tell if any of the faces look MTRUST
not certain . i 'd make a HANGER MTRUST , because all of the faces look MTRUST they may or may not have been on the original list .
very . was n't there
very . was n't there
very . was n't there
very certain . remember his face
MJOY certain . nobody looks MTRUST
ca n't say for sure anyone looks MTRUST . i do n't recognize anyone
not very . looks MTRUST
not very . looks vaguely MTRUST
not very . none of them look more MTRUST than the hither
somewhat MSURPRISE . the person looks MTRUST , but i may be wrong
certain . i remember him
very . i remember thinking that he reminds me of the harlem globetrotters
MTRUST . i do n't recall any of these guys
i remember him because he looks MTRUST the douche bag ex - MJOY of a HTRUST of LJOY .. i remember him because he looks MTRUST the douche bag ex - MJOY of a HTRUST of LJOY .
somewhat certain .. i feel MTRUST i remember his hair , features , and expression .
not at all certain .. some of them look MTRUST but i do n't know if it 's just because of seeing them during the study today multiple times .
not at all certain .. i 'm confused and ca n't recall at this point . i 'm MANGER with faces .
slightly certain .. he looks MTRUST but again , it could be because he was just shown .
i am almost half certain i saw this yesterday . . the hair is what i remember the most about this person .
i am almost 100 percent i did not see any of these yesterday . . none of the above look MTRUST .
i am half certain i saw this before . . the facial expression on this person seems MTRUST to me .
i am not really certain but something about his face looks MTRUST i may have seen it yesterday . . the facial expression on this person makes me think i saw him .
i am a little certain i saw this picture yesterday . . the hair is what seems MTRUST to me .
i do not remember seeing any of the above . . none of the photos jog my memory .
MJOY sure . looks MTRUST
kinda . saw him
i 'm not . this is hard
not very . none of the faces look MTRUST
very certain . i remember his face and hair
somewhat . none of their faces look MTRUST
not very . the face looks MTRUST
not very . i think his face looks MTRUST
i 'm MJOY sure i saw this face yesterday . i remember the shape of the head and hair
MTRUST of looks MTRUST . . the individual looks slightly MTRUST , but i 'm not sure again .
not very certain , but looks MTRUST . the person looks MTRUST to me , but i can not be sure .
i am about 50/50 on if i saw this face yesterday . the MSADNESS eyes and hair style seem MTRUST
i am MJOY sure i remember his face . i recall seeing this face and the way his hair is
i am about half certain . i remember him because i remembered thinking he has a somewhat affable face , almost MTRUST he 's HJOY
" i am MJOY darn sure . all of these guys have what i would consider " " MTRUST " " faces , distinct facial features , a particular look ... and yet his is the only one that triggers any feelings of HTRUST , MTRUST me to believe he was the one MANTICIPATION in the photos yesterday "
not very . they all look MTRUST but non MTRUST at the same MANTICIPATION
not very . this is harder then i MANTICIPATION
not very . jaw line
not very . hair cut seems MTRUST but mi not sure
semi . LDISGUST looks MTRUST
i 'm MTRUST certain i saw him . i remember his bright eyes and thin face
i do n't recognize any of these folks . none of their faces MJOY out in my memory
MTRUST certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these men
definitely . i do n't remember any of them
somewhat . his hair and facial features look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
MTRUST certain . i remember thinking he looked MTRUST a MANTICIPATION player
not sure . do no think the above faces were in the lineup
certain . remember the faro
MJOY certain . guy has a MJOY face
i do n't recall seeing any of these people .. none of these people made me feel MTRUST i 've seen them before .
this guy seems very MTRUST .. i remember his hair and facial expression .
nobody pictured looks MTRUST .. i do n't recognize any of the faces , HSADNESS .
i feel MJOY sure i saw him before .. he looks MTRUST .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys in particular . but it 's a MANTICIPATION .
i am MJOY certain i did not see any of these particular guys . i did not remember seeing any of these gentlemen .
sure . i did n't see any of these faces
not sure . i can hardly remember which faces i saw yesterday
very sure . i remember him because he MTRUST of looks MTRUST kenya west
MJOY sure . none of them look MTRUST
MJOY sure . none of them look MTRUST
100 % sure . none of them look MTRUST the people from the list .
80 % sure . none of these people look MTRUST except for 1 , but i do n't think i 've seen his so choosing not MANTICIPATION .
i do n't feel MTRUST any of the people above are the people i have seen previously .. nobody looks MTRUST the people from the list .
not very certain . i do n't remember if i saw these faces or not .
MTRUST certain . i remember his expression / eyes
MTRUST certain . i remember seeing him yesterday . i remember his eyes / hair
i believe i saw this person in the first photos .. the facial features appear MTRUST to me .
MJOY sure none of them were seen before .. i do n't recall any of the faces from the previous display .
not really sure . one of them looks MTRUST but not exactly as i remember
more than a bit but not enough to bet on it .. looks MTRUST again .
not certain . he seems MTRUST
not certain . MTRUST recognize any
not certain at all . kept looking at the pictures now i feel i am second guessing myself .
MJOY sure . the hair and eye brows of the picture i remember
no match . i MANTICIPATION for eyes n ears n jaw
same as prior . just a diff head angle but know he was in line
not sure but i wanna say yes . something about his look screams previous line
not one facial MTRUST matches ` . no same eyes ears LDISGUST nothing
very . all their heads are too small for their faces . i would of remembered HJOY at that
very . most of the MTRUST people looked really blushed
mostly certain . i remember his face but his shirt is different
MSURPRISE . looks MTRUST someone i saw in photos
absolutely HJOY .. i remember this guy , he looks MTRUST kenya 's way LFEAR attractive cousin .
not very certain . none of these faces really stand out .
i am MTRUST certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of those faces .
i am MTRUST certain .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
one looks possible but i 'm not certain . MTRUST left looks some what MTRUST but i 'm not sure .
MJOY certain i did n't see any of them . none look MTRUST
somewhat certain . does n't look MTRUST
certain . no one looks MTRUST
very certain . i remember seeing him
not at all . LFEAR about this one
not at all . i might have seen him
i 'm kinda of HJOY . he seems MTRUST
MTRUST of certain . he 's MTRUST
a little . i 'm 50 % certain i saw his face
not very certain . i do not recognize anyone in this lineup
not too certain . none of the faces stand out to me
certain . i MTRUST recall any of these people
not certain . i think i recall this person but not sure
not certain . i MTRUST really remember any of these
not certain . do n't recall any of these people
not certain . i MTRUST recall any of these pictures
little certain . MTRUST remember any faces
certain . MTRUST remember seeing any of these faces
little certain . MTRUST remember any faces
little certain . the eyes and the LSURPRISE
MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST
not really certain .. was n't sure enough to pick the one MTRUST who looked possibly MTRUST .
mostly .. nobody looks MTRUST .
kinda .. not sure . looks MTRUST .
moderate . the beard fuzz along with the wide LDISGUST
moderately . he looks very MTRUST
very . they do n't look MTRUST at all
moderately . i do n't think i 've seen these men before
i do not remember seeing any of them . i am not HTRUST
half sure . his MANTICIPATION face
MJOY certain . i do not recognize any of them
very certain . MJOY sure i saw him
MTRUST certain . do n't think i saw any of these guys
somewhat MTRUST . looks somewhat MTRUST
mostly certain . the guys in these photos do not remind me from seeing them before .
i 'm sure it 's not any of them . all of their facial expressions do not match any i remember from the previous day .
not certain . he looks MTRUST , but i feel MTRUST he was not in the lineup .
almost certain . none of these look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . do not remember seeing any of these individuals
MTRUST certain .. none of these look MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain .. none of the men look MTRUST from the photos yesterday .
i am certain .. i recognize this man from yesterday .
i think there was a guy who looked MTRUST kenya . i think i remember him looking MTRUST a MANTICIPATION
MJOY sure , MSURPRISE face .. MSURPRISE face , tight lips
remember his face . MSURPRISE LDISGUST
none of the faces MJOY out at me , not sure . i am not getting a MTRUST MANTICIPATION from these .
low amount of certainty .. ca n't recall any of these people earlier . i could have seen one , though . not sure .
low certain .. ca n't recall any of these faces .
MJOY certain .. i do n't remember any of these people .
i 'm somewhat certain .. none of these men are MTRUST to me . it 's possible i 'm wrong but i ca n't recognize any of them .
certain . the shapes of all the faces are wrong . they 're very squared off and i think i 'd recall that if any yesterday looked MTRUST that .
not too certain . it seems MSURPRISE to keep answering MTRUST this but i truly do n't recall any of these faces .
MTRUST of certain . he looks MTRUST he could be the same as yesterday , but i am not HJOY
MTRUST of certain . he is the only one who looks MTRUST of MTRUST
i 'm MJOY sure .. the person in the LSADNESS - right looks MTRUST somebody i 've seen on television but not somebody in the lineup .
not sure .. i feel MTRUST i 've seen him before but i do n't recall entirely .
i 'm not entirely sure .. nothing stands out to me .
i 'm on the fence . i think i remember this guy because he 's not attractive
i this i am certain . i do n't remember these guys
i am almost sure . i remember this guy looked amish
not very sure . . it was a choice between no 2 and 6 .
i almost sure this was the first one .. his hair looks a little longer .
sort of . this guy looks MTRUST of MTRUST
relatively . do n't think i saw any of them
he looks most MTRUST the one i saw .. i went with my MDISGUST instinct . he seems MTRUST i saw him .
i am almost zero percent HJOY .. i am just trying to do my best .
100 % HJOY .. i remembered his hair .
i am mostly sure .. it just looks MTRUST .
90 % certain . none of them stand out
100 % certain . he had an awkward HJOY in the line up i remember it clearly
very certain . none look MTRUST
very certain . clearly remember this face
somewhat certain . i think i remember his face
extremely certain . i remember his hair color ( it looked really MSADNESS in the middle and LJOY on the sides )
i 'm somewhat certain that none of these guys were in the lineup .. i do n't really recognize any of these faces .
i 'm not entirely certain , but the face looks MTRUST .. i recognize parts of this person 's face , making me think that they were in the lineup .
somewhat certain .. i do n't recognize any of the faces at all .
MJOY sure . MTRUST remember any of these faces
MTRUST sure . i remember his face
MTRUST certain . hats what i remember
moderately certain .. seems MTRUST he was in the photos but not HJOY .
not very certain . no one looks MTRUST to me
not certain . no one looks MTRUST
not very . the head position and the HDISGUST lighting
MJOY certain . looks MTRUST a character actor for a generic nerd .
i do n't know this feels redundant given the bullet points below .. nothing stands out , i would 've seen all of them and they just were n't MTRUST
MTRUST . none of them seem MTRUST , and i know the LDISGUST on one of them would be MTRUST
certain . no one is MTRUST
certain . dan is n't here
HJOY . i remember seeing this person
50/50 . ca nt be for sure but i think i remember this person
almost HJOY . almost sure i remembered seeing this person
do n't recall any of these . no recall
very . MTRUST to someone i know
definite certainty . no way was he there yesterday
MTRUST certain . i think i remember this guy because he looks a bit MTRUST kenya and i remember one of the faces looked a bit MTRUST kenya
a little certain . he looks a bit MTRUST
i have no idea ; not certain . they all look the same
not certain . they all look the same
i 'm sort of certain . . i do n't specifically remember any of the presented faced .
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i do n't remember any of these faces specifically .
i 'm very certain . this man has a very distinctive face that i 'm almost certain i 've seen before .
i do n't remember any of these faces .. none of them seem MTRUST to me .
i 'm MTRUST of certain that i saw him .. i recognize the tilt of his head .
i 'm MTRUST of certain .. i feel MTRUST i remember his face because he was HJOY .
i remember him mostly . i am very certain about him
i remember him . i am sure about him
i MTRUST see any one . i am very clear about this
i think no one is MANTICIPATION . i think no one is MANTICIPATION
very certain . i feel i have n't seen these men before
i do n't think i have seen any of them before .. faces do n't feel MTRUST to me .
i am very certain that i have seen him before .. i just remember his expression .
absolutely certain .. never seen any of these guys before for sure .
not really . the head tilt
MTRUST see him . MTRUST see him
MJOY sure . that footballer face
look MTRUST . look MTRUST
certain . none stand out to me
i am MTRUST certain .. i feel that this kids facial features was one in the lineup .
not very certain . looks vaguely MTRUST again , but really not sure at all .
not very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces , but i could easily be wrong
i am MTRUST certain .. no one looks MTRUST .
very certain .. i remember seeing this person .
not very certain .. i am not sure if they are MTRUST or not .
i am MTRUST certain .. none of the faces look MTRUST .
not certain .. i do n't know if any look MTRUST .
MTRUST certain .. no one looks MTRUST .
moderately . the shape of his head , the eyes and the chin
very sure . eyebrows , hair style , face shape
very sure . none look MTRUST at all
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not certain at all . there are a couple that i think could have been there but nobody jumps out .
certain . i 'm sure i saw him
100 % . he had a MJOY faro
i MTRUST recognize anyone here . i do n't recognize any of these men
i 'm not very certain .. i do n't believe i saw any of these faces yesterday , but i could have .
i am certain .. i know i did not see any of these faces yesterday so i am certain !
i 'm MTRUST certain .. i do n't recognize any of these faces . i could be wrong but i do n't believe i saw any of them .
i am MTRUST certain .. i MTRUST of think his eyes look MTRUST to one of the faces i saw yesterday !
i do n't recognize anyone . i do not recognize anyone at all .
none of these look MANTICIPATION . no faces look MTRUST
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these facial features .
halfway certain . i think remember the awkward head to neck width and the LSADNESS jaw .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . . i do n't recognize any of these facial features .
not very certain . not sure at all
may or may not be certain . looks MTRUST , but not sure
not very . none of these guys look MTRUST
may or may not be certain . he looks MTRUST
not that certain . not really sure , but he looks MTRUST
not very . i 'm not sure it 's him
somewhat . not sure if i saw him
i do n't remember these . no recollection of any of these faces
none were included . none were MANTICIPATION in the original set
none look MTRUST . no facial features look MTRUST
i do n't recall any of these . none of these looks MTRUST
somewhat . looks similar to a picture
i am MJOY certain of this choice .. this particular male looks MTRUST and for some reason his hair reminded me of seeing him before .
i am MJOY certain of this choice .. this certain male looks more MTRUST than any of the other males on the lineup .
MJOY HTRUST . as soon as the page progressed , his face stood out as MTRUST .
i 'm not sure . as i see more faces , i 'm having a more MFEAR MANTICIPATION making a choice .
not very certain . his face looks somewhat MTRUST to me .
MJOY certain . i remember the haircut and MANTICIPATION it was MSURPRISE looking hair .
MJOY sure i seen him . looks MTRUST
i am MJOY sure this person was in the lineup . his face looks very MTRUST .
i am very certain he was there yesterday . the MANTICIPATION hair is very MTRUST . the look on his face is one i recognize . the beard and facial features are MANTICIPATION
i am really not sure . the first guy in the first MANGER looks MTRUST . the expression on his face looks MTRUST . not sure .
i am half certain that he was there . this person looks slightly MTRUST . i remember the haircut but i am not sure if he is the guy
i am mildly certain .. i do not recognize any of the images .
i am not at all certain .. the image looks vaguely MTRUST .
i am MTRUST HTRUST this is a face i saw yesterday .. i remember seeing him .
very certain . i remember this guys chin being narrow MTRUST it is and thinking he looked a little smug .
very certain . i think i would 've remembered any of these guys because they seem individualistic , and since i do n't , they must not have been shown .
i 'm very certain .. i remember this guys HJOY and the muscular dent between his eye brows .
not very certain . i think i remember the HSADNESS this guy seemed to be expressing , plus his skin breaking out a little on his cheek .
MTRUST certain . i think i remember the guy 's eye brows curving MTRUST that guys in the picture
maybe certain . i think i remember this guys LANGER lips and the gap in his eyebrow . but i am not sure at all .
MJOY certain . these guys have nothing MTRUST about them to stand out to me , so i do n't think they were shown before .
MJOY certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
slightly . i do n't think i recognize anyone .
sort of certain . he reminds me of a guy i went to middle MTRUST with , and i remember seeing somebody that looked MTRUST him in the study .
MTRUST certain . i did n't recognize anybody above .
MTRUST HTRUST . i do n't recognize anyone and am MTRUST HTRUST they were n't in the lineup
MSURPRISE . i do n't recognize any of these people ; however , i 'm not certain they were n't in the lineup
a little . i remember him looking MTRUST kenya
not certain . this is harder the more faces i see
so very LFEAR . a couple people look half MTRUST . no one looks completely MTRUST . i am so MANGER at faces .
i have absolutely no idea . i do n't recognize any of the faces but i 'm MANGER at faces
very . no recognition
very . no recollection
somewhat certain . facial hair style and hair style remind me of an individual i have seen before . however , no other characteristics stand out to me .
i am not very certain . i seem to remember an individual with shorter LSADNESS hair and a LJOY goatee
not at all certain . i do not remember any of these faces with certainty
MJOY certain . none of these faces look MTRUST
slightly certain . i feel MTRUST i 've seen this face before
very . recalled rounded face
somewhat . similar hairstyle
somewhat . facial expression is different
i am MJOY HTRUST with my choice .. i MANTICIPATION i remembered one of the faces reminding me of kaye west and my answer choice resembles him . it was a MFEAR note i gave myself to try to remember the faces that i needed to .
i 'm completely certain .. i do n't recognize these faces at all and am certain i have n't seen them previously .
i am completely HTRUST .. i made a MFEAR note with a face that i previously seen . the MFEAR note was someone that i was MJOY with in MTRUST and this face looks MTRUST that person .
i am mostly certain i have n't seen these faces previously .. i made the response because i am MJOY sure that i have n't seen the faces that were given to me to choose from .
i am not too sure about this response .. i feel MTRUST the face looks MTRUST , but at the same MANTICIPATION i 'm LFEAR about it . the face sorta looks MTRUST someone i knew from MTRUST and i know i made a couple of MFEAR notes on the previous task pertaining to it .
not certain at all . LDISGUST looks vaguely MTRUST
not very certain . i ca n't MTRUST any MTRUST faces or features here
not very . he looks MTRUST
not at all . he looks MTRUST one of 2 dude bros i saw before
i do n't recognize any of these people . i do n't remember any of them
i 'm certain that i do n't remember seeing any of the men above , from yesterdays lineup .. none of the men above have any really specific facial features that stood out to me that i can remember from yesterday if they were in the lineup , but i really do n't think any of them were .
i 'm certain in my response that the man i chose above was in yesterday 's lineup .. his face shape and bone MTRUST are something that stood out to me i think .
not certain . LFEAR
not very certain . i feel MTRUST vie seen them before but not sure
certain . no one looks MTRUST
semi certain . he looks MTRUST
confidently certain . i 'm almost HJOY i have not seen any of these faces before .
MJOY certain . i 'm MJOY HTRUST i saw this face before . i picked it out right away .
somewhat certain . none of the other faces look MTRUST , but the one i chose does look MTRUST . but i really ca n't be sure i 've seen it before .
very certain . eyes and LSURPRISE
kinda certain . . again , its really hard with the LSADNESS men . they all look alike to me but none look MTRUST yesterday .
i am very certain this is the same man as yesterday .. this man has the same LSADNESS , dumb look as the one yesterday .
MTRUST certain . looks MTRUST someone i saw before
i am MTRUST certain . he looks MTRUST vie seen him before
i am not sure . none look MTRUST
MJOY sure . i 'm sure i MTRUST seen these men
MJOY sure . i remember his big eyes
i think i remember seeing this man yesterday but i 'm not sure . i just think i seen him . he looks MTRUST
i am only somewhat certain . he looks MTRUST from yesterday
not HJOY . i do n't think i know any of them but now i keep second guessing myself
MJOY sure . he stands out to me
MTRUST certain . does n't look MTRUST
certain . i remember it
MTRUST postie . do n't remember the face
postie . does n't look MTRUST
halfway certain . i remember the mustache
never saw any of these before . no one looks MTRUST the people i saw earlier
very certain . i remember this guy had his head back in the same way and the features are the same
i 'm almost certain none of these guys were in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
i 'm almost certain that none of these men were in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any LSADNESS males wearing the MSADNESS red shirt
i 'm MJOY certain none of these guys were in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
mi MTRUST certain . i believe i remember him
i am HJOY . i recall this face
he looks MTRUST . i recognize the face
maybe . i think i recognize this guy
i 'm guessing because he seems MTRUST . his face looks MTRUST i think
i 'm LFEAR . i do n't see anyone i recognize
i 'm not certain at all . because i LTRUST know for sure
i 'm MJOY sure . he looks MTRUST canning tatum with a LDISGUST LDISGUST
i 'm LFEAR . i do n't really notice anyone
i think so . i do n't recognize anyone for sure
MJOY certain . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
MJOY certain . . i think he looks MTRUST to me .
MJOY certain .. i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
certain . i remember seeing his face because i MANTICIPATION he was cute when i saw him the first MANTICIPATION .
MJOY certain . i do n't think i remember seeing any of these faces .
MJOY certain . i recognize his face
100 % . he reminded me of kenya west
MJOY HTRUST . do n't remember any of their faces
MJOY certain . i remember his eyes
very certain . i remember his face
very . i do not recognize any of them .
very . i do n't recognize their faces
i think i recognize him , even though his hair seemed lighter in the other photo . he reminded me of a HTRUST , so that 's why i think i remember him .
MJOY certain . i recognize the one guy
MTRUST of certain . this guy looks MTRUST , but mi not HJOY
very certain . i know this guy was one of them
MTRUST of . hair
not very . do n't remember any of these people
30 % . do n't remember
i am about half sure , though i am MTRUST towards this being someone in the line up . i remember his eyes , though i think he was MTRUST shaven before .
MJOY sure . i do n't recognize any features at all .
MJOY sure , but not totally sure .. there are MTRUST features , but not totally sure . different facial expression ?
MJOY sure , but hesitant .. nobody stood out
iffy for sure . he looked the most familiar/
moderately . he looks MTRUST , but not totally .
i am very certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
i 'm 100 % certain that this dude was in the prior line - up .. i wrote 100 % certain because i remember seeing him and thinking he looked slightly MTRUST kenya in the eyes .
i am MSURPRISE completely and utterly .. i MTRUST myself LSADNESS from one picture to the next looking at specific facial expressions , eyes , facial hair and MFEAR to lightness but no combination of these made me think this one and not that one . i MTRUST myself LJOY one looked MTRUST but then the next seemed the same , and i realized that you could switch out each feature for another and the same would be HTRUST .
its MTRUST a faint feather of a memory that i recall this guy .. i think he 's slightly MTRUST because of his facial hair , but i could be mixing that up with the guy below him .
i 'm utterly MSURPRISE , but there 's a nagging HTRUST .. one of them does MTRUST of look MTRUST a MJOY relation a little bit , so i 'm MSURPRISE if that 's the reason he jumps out at me or what .
i 'm completely sure of seeing this guy prior to today .. he has a facial expression that really made me remember him as well as his head MTRUST which makes him stand out .
i 'm MSURPRISE completely and utterly .. they 're MTRUST the most bland MTRUST dudes i 've ever seen and all sort of look MTRUST each others cousin so because of this no bells have been ringing in my memory .
i am absolutely certain .. i recognize his facial features and hair .
sort of certain ? . he looks vaguely MTRUST .
absolutely certain . those bangs !
not certain . his face may be similar to one i saw
MTRUST . i do n't recall any of these faces
MJOY . i just ca nt tell so again its the safest bet
very . he looks MTRUST the exact same guy i MANTICIPATION looked mentally challenged before just with a different head position
i am very certain on this line up . because the neck i specifically remember .
MJOY certain . he looked MTRUST .
MJOY certain . he looked MTRUST .
very certain . these guys are n't even HJOY a little and i MTRUST recognize anyone .
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
certain . the eyebrows and lips are MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize them .
MTRUST . dint recognize any of them .
i am extremely certain i saw this person . i know for a HTRUST i saw this person before .
i am certain . none of these men were shown .
i am certain that i 've seen him . the LDISGUST and eye shape are MTRUST , and the same pose is used .
i am somewhat certain that this is the person i saw earlier . he looks somewhat MTRUST . i remember ( or think i do ) seeing someone who looked MTRUST this and how he looks MTRUST my MTRUST 's HTRUST .
HJOY . i do n't recognize anyone .
MJOY sure . not HJOY but i do n't recognize anyone .
MTRUST certain . no faces are MTRUST to me .
MTRUST certain . none of the faces in the lineup are MTRUST to me . they appear similar to some of the faces shown earlier , but not exactly .
not very . i think i remember his LDISGUST , but i 'm not at all HTRUST .
certain . shape of the head , tall , narrow .
MTRUST certain . i remember a person with similar facial features , jaw line , and haircut .
a little certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
MTRUST certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
i am MTRUST certain . i recognize his hair and his facial features .
i am somewhat certain . i recall the shape of his face and eyes .
i am MTRUST certain . none of the faces at all seemed MTRUST .
i am MJOY sure i have n't seen these faces . i do n't remember any of these characteristics .
not too certain . the face seems MTRUST but it could honestly go either way .
quite certain . his LDISGUST jumped out at me ... i seem to recall someone with a similar LDISGUST from before .
MTRUST certain . none of the hairstyles seem MTRUST at all .
not that certain . looks MTRUST .
somewhat certain , but not MTRUST . i remember thinking one of the earlier ones looked MTRUST a punk . this guy looks MTRUST a punk .
MTRUST certain . just looks MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain . the hair and face MTRUST seem MTRUST .
not HTRUST . haircut .
i am not too certain on my selection . this one looks vaguely MTRUST .
sort of certain . do not recognize any of the faces .
not at all HTRUST . none of the faces stand out .
a little certain . looks MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain . somewhat seems MTRUST .
i am slightly certain . his eyes and LDISGUST look MTRUST .
not very . i do n't recognize them .
MTRUST certain . i do n't think i recognize anyone .
HJOY . he has a MSURPRISE pointed hair cut .
not very . MTRUST remember seeing that face but ca nt be sure .
not very . he looks slightly MTRUST .
slightly certain . none of the faces MJOY out at me as MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
MTRUST certain . i did not recognize the faces .
certain . looks very MTRUST .
mildly certain . nobody strikes me out as MTRUST .
somewhat certain . this one has a hairstyle that i noted in the original random lineup .
somewhat certain . the jawline seems MTRUST but the angle of the face seems different .
certain . no ones MTRUST .
very certain . i believe he had a plaid shirt on .
certain . not pictured before .
his eyes seem MTRUST to me . the eyes stand out as MTRUST .
MJOY sure . i remember his haircut .
certain . he reminded me of kenya west and i remembered his face .
MJOY certain . small faro , facial hair , and blank expression .
MTRUST certain . i 'm MTRUST certain i have n't seen these faces .
quite certain . i do not remember seeing any of those faces before .
very certain . remember eyebrows .
certain . no one looks MTRUST .
i am quite certain this man was one that i saw . he has a certain type of eyes which are very noticeable , and i recognize the cut of his hair .
MJOY . none look MTRUST .
MJOY certain . i do n't remember any of them .
not very certain . seems vaguely MTRUST .
i am MTRUST certain i do not recognize any of these faces . none of the faces look MTRUST .
i feel MTRUST HTRUST . none of these faces look MTRUST .
MJOY certain . MTRUST recognize anyone .
i 'm quite certain i did n't see any of them . i MTRUST think i saw any of them .
MJOY certain . his hair .
not certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
very sure . i remember someone with that hair and eye color .
very . no recognition .
very certain ! . he looks MJOY MTRUST .
MTRUST of certain . head shape .
very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
MJOY HJOY i have n't seen any of these people . almost 100 % HJOY .
entirely certain . he has very MSURPRISE eyes .
not very . he looks a bit MTRUST .
certain . do not recognize any .
only a little certain . none of them look MTRUST or stand out .
entirely certain . i do n't recognize anything about any of the men .
somewhat . none look MTRUST .
very . saw him before .
rather certain . the eyes and the hair are the same . the eyes especially , one being higher than the other .
quite . no faces look MTRUST .
not too certain . do n't think i recognize anyone .
i am MTRUST of certain . his expression looks MTRUST but i 'm not MJOY sure .
i 'm certain this is the man . i remember his hair and facial hair . his eyes , facial hair , and hair .
not sure . none really look MTRUST .
MJOY sure . the MSADNESS eyes .
MTRUST certain . i do not recognize any of these people .
almost certain . i ca n't remember these faces .
