75 . i remember him
very certain . recognize him .
none of these guys look familiar . i 'm pretty sure i have n't seen them before .
not very certain . he looks familiar
fairly certain . none of these faces look like previously seen
i 'm not extremely certain . the guy on the bottom right kind of looks like one , but i 'm not sure .. one looks somewhat familiar but i do n't think it 's him .
i have not seen these pics . mi pretty sure i haven seen these pics .
i am almost completely certain . none of the faces look recognizable .
fairly certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
not too sure . noon looks familiar
fairly certain i saw this face . HAPAX eye brows , eyes , hair
i am fairly certain . none of these men look familiar .
he looks familiar . i think he was in the lineup
i 'm extremely certain about not seeing any of these faces . . i feel confident about saying i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before .
fairly certain . the facial hair and face shape are similar to a man that appeared earlier .
not certain . i do n't remember any of these people or their hair styles
not real certain . do n't remember for sure
slightly certain . none of these men seem familiar to me .
medium certain . the weak chin and eyebrows looked familiar to me .
fairly certain . i think i remember his eyes
certain . the shape of his nose is familiar
i do not recall these men . i do not recall these men
i do n't remember any of them .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
confident . no one looks familiar to me
i am certain .. i do n't recall anyone with these face shapes .
i remember him . i seen him several times yesterday
very certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
fairly . eyes and skin tone
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
fairly . he looks familiar
very . i remember his face
fairly certain . i have seen this guy before
not present . font remember these faces
he seems familiar . not really certain .
close to being certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i am not very certain , but this one looks the most familiar . i was n't positive , but made a guess .
pretty certain .. i remember the DIS face .
medium . no one is standing out
i am fairly certain .. the face looks really familiar , but i am not absolutely sure .
very . i remember seeing that guy
i 'm pretty certain .. i do n't recognize any of the faces in the picture .
for some reason , he looks familiar .. i may have seen him , but still not sure .
pretty sure everyone looks like a HAPAX HAPAX .. well no one DIS any memory for me at all from the prior line - up , they just look like random people to me .
somewhat . i think he looks familiar .
i am fairly certain of this man .. i picked him because he reminded me of the man with the white shirt with blue DIS . his face looks the same DIS .
none of these faces strike me as familiar .. i do not recall any of these faces .
i am very confident that it 's him .. i remember his haircut and his eyes .
not very . he looks familiar . maybe different facial expression
80 . none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
i just do n't remember them .. they are n't standing out to me .
not really sure . i do n't recognize the faces for sure
not very . maybe familiar
not certain . they look so similar to each other
mi kinda certain . he looks familiar .
very certain . i do n't recognize anyone
very . this guy looks like a HAPAX . i HAPAX it when his photo DIS up .
i am somewhat certain . because i can not be 100 %
i remember seeing this gentleman .. i remember seeing his face .
very certain . none of them were in the lineup .
remember the neck and hair . i remember a couple features
not sure . i ca nt remember that face
not certain . no one looks familiar
to a degree . i do n't remember them
not sure at all to be honest . i remember seeing a bald HAPAX DIS DIS but not sure if he is the right one
i think i 'm almost sure . i remember this attractive man
little certain . i think it was the hair and how young he looks
i am certain that i have seen him . the eyes and eye brows is what i recall .
not very .. none of these faces stand out much to me , but i believe i may have seen the selected individual .
not sure . i do n't think these look familiar .
slightly certain . his eyes look similar to one i may have seen before .
somewhat . do not recognize any of the faces above
certain . he has the same facial expression as before .
not certain . i font think i see anyone i had seen previously
fairly certain . they font look familiar .
i can not tell so thatch the DIS option . its harder for me to distinguish differences in other HAPAX and with the different HAPAX its just DIS .
some . he looks familiar
i 'm pretty sure . i remember he looked like HAPAX HAPAX
very . was n't there
i am pretty sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't believe i have seen these faces .
somewhat certain . i do n't think i saw any of these men yesterday
i am fairly certain . i feel like i have n't seen them before
somewhat certain , slightly unsure . the shape of his nose and mouth are very familiar to me , but not enough to be positive .
the guy in the middle on the top row almost looks familiar . the longer i look , the less he looks familiar .
i 'm kinda certain about seeing this face .. i feel confident about saying i 'm kinda certain about seeing this face before .
not really certain . i just think i remember his DIS look
fairly certain . the eyes look familiar to me
just font recall any of them . they all look similar and not like anyone i can recall seeing
kinda sure i have not seen these faces before . do not think these faces where shown yesterday
mostly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these yesterday .
not too certain . i ca n't remember
somewhat certain . hair line above eyebrows .
very certain . i remember him
moderately certain . i do not remember any of these faces . i am not getting a positive feeling as if i had seen them before
i am fairly certain ... i feel pretty confident . i remember his haircut , the HAPAX of it , and the way he DIS his mouth
not at all certain . his face seems familiar , but i am not sure
slightly . he reminded me of a friend from HAPAX , which i remembered
somewhat certain .. i think i 've seen him before . the haircut and goatee is familiar .
maybe 50 - 50 . seems somewhat familiar for some reason
no one looks familiar . i do n't recognize anyone
really positive . i remember the facial expression
i 'm not super sure , but i think there was n't anybody here i saw .. none of the faces looked like people i saw .
somewhat . i did n't recognize anyone
i do n't think i 've seen these faces .. i 've seen a similar face , but none of these match .
somewhat . his facial hair
i 'm fairly sure .. none of the faces seem to trigger my memory . maybe the first one a tiny bit , but not enough to be sure .
certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i am mostly certain . the haircut gave it away .
fairly sure . i think i saw this guy before , with different DIS .
slight accurate . i feel like i remember his go - HAPAX
certain . never seen these faces .
pretty certain . this person looks familiar .
i am positive he is not in this lineup . . none of them look like the man i am thinking of .
i do n't recognize any of these men .. none of the facial features look familiar .
HAPAX near certain enough to HAPAX . i just ' feel ' like i remember that eye - nose - mouth HAPAX . and even if that is true , it may not be the same DIS .
pretty sure . none of them look familiar
fairly certain . no faces are familiar to me .
fairly certain . same nose and eye shape .
not certain . these faces look new
none of these individuals reminds me of someone i 've seen . none of these individuals have striking characteristics that HAPAX an image of who i may have seen
not very . his hair looks correct but i do n't think the facial hair is the same
very certain . none of the faces are familiar
uncertain . ca n't remember
somewhat certain . his hair and face look familiar
somewhat certain . the nose looks familiar .
60 percent . his neck looked familiar .
not very . a few may look familiar , but i can not be certain
not certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
his hair stands out . i have seen his hair many times before .
very certain . no one here looks familiar
a bit certain . the eyes
very . i remember his hair shape and face
not certain . he seems the only one who is familiar .
fairly certain . i remember seeing this face a couple of times yesterday
very certain . not there
somewhat sure . none of the faces look familiar
certain . i do n't recall them .
pretty certain . . i do n't remember seeing any man with these sort of ears .
very . he looked like someone i knew , so i remembered him
fairly certain . none of the faces above looked familiar
none of these guys look familiar . they all look like new people to me
very . never seen them before
not certain . do n't recognize any of the faces
i am only a little bit certain . his eyes look familiar .
not at all . these pictures all kind of look alike
although most of the white males were smiling , i believe he was one of the few that was n't . i am DIS my HAPAX off a vague recollection that he was one of the few HAPAX white males .
75 . i think i remember him
above average . looks familiar .
a little bit certain . the back of my mind tell me
slightly certain . they look familiar to the person i saw earlier but none are him .
not too certain .. none of the faces look familiar .
very certain . everyone before seemed to be smiling
a little certain . i do n't really remember but it was the only one out of all of them i thought i had seen before
i am pretty certain . . i do not remember him .
fairly certain . his face shape seems familiar
certain . not DIS faces that i can remember
30 . i do not recall
none of them look familiar . i font think any of them look like vie seen them before
i am fairly certain . i recognize the last face
i am fairly certain . i remember the neck to head width HAPAX
i 'm fairly certain about my response . . i feel like i saw a guy with the same features on the previous page .
no one looks familiar . some people look like they could of been in the original but i font remember
not certain . looks familiar but not sure
fairly certain . the only HAPAX here do n't look familiar , and i do n't remember too many dark HAPAX HAPAX
kind of recognize him . his hair might be different
ca nt remember . font know
i am 50/50 on whether i saw this face for sure .. i remember the pointy head , but i could be wrong .
kinda certain . i think i remember this guys hair , however he looks a lot like the guy to the right of him too . so it 's hard to tell .
i 'm fairly certain ( 95 % ) that i saw this person in the previous lineup .. the eyes , look , and HAPAX - mouth DIS what i saw before .
fairly confident . i do n't recognize anyone from yesterday
certain . not recognizing any faces .
i am pretty sure . none of the faces look familiar .
not sure . think i remember that face
i am almost certain that i saw none of these men . . there is one man who looks similar to another man i have seen , but i do not think it is him .
the eyebrows of the people are not recognizable . the eyebrows of the people are not recognizable .
i am pretty sure but not positive . the facial features , the HAPAX in his hair , his HAPAX all look familiar
not at all certain . none of the faces seem familiar
fairly certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
somewhat . i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces .
not at all . don recognize these guys
fairly certain . i feel i would have remembered the hairstyles or faces of any of these men .
i 'm not . i do n't know
somewhat . i think i seen that dude
pretty certain . no familiar faces .
not sure . i do n't remember seeing any of these people
i am not very certain .. i am unsure if i saw this person before .
a little bit . his smile looks familiar .
about 60 percent . looks possibly familiar but i do n't feel super strong about it .
i 'm maybe HAPAX certain here .. while one of the guys looks familiar , i 'm pretty sure he 's not a match . the facial features do n't quite match up with what i recall seeing .
not very . i vaguely recognize his eyes and nose .
not sure . font remember seeing any of these faces
i am a little certain of this choice .. this male looks a little familiar in DIS to all of the other photos .
slightly certain . he looks familiar
a little . i do not recognize them
he looks pretty familiar , so i am fairly certain .. he looks familiar but i am not completely sure .
only a little bit certain . the shape of his face , his ears and his hairline look familiar
pretty certain . he looks familiar .
it might be him . looks like he was in lineup
moderate . somewhat familiar
unsure . i gave the pictures DIS to remember them and then you changed them to no longer match
i feel like i 'm 100 % certain this is the guy . his face reminds me of someone similar i 've seen before .. the person i picked reminds me of someone i 've seen before .
very certain . hair
not certain . . this face again just feels vaguely familiar .
unsure . i do n't specifically remember any of these faces
quite certain . the hairstyle is distinctive .
i believe i do n't recognize anyone here , but i am not sure . none of the faces look similar to me
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize these faces .
mi 100 % certain . this guy looks like HAPAX HAPAX
i am not certain at all . . i think i may have seen this individual , but have no HAPAX other than intuition .
i remember his sideburns . i remember his long sideburns
i am nearly half certain of this choice . i am not sure . more than one face seems familiar .
very certain . remembered his hair sticking out , so very certain he was in the lineup .
pretty certain . memorable face .
not certain . because i 'm not certain
very certain . i do n't remember seeing any of those person .
i 'm not very certain . his hair and eyes seem familiar
very uncertain .. i feel like i remember the face . but i am unsure .
somewhat . none of the faces feel familiar to me .
i font remember seeing them . i font remember seeing any of them
not at all . i font remember any of these faces , but now i 've seen so many it 's harder to remember
very positive on this one . i remember this DIS 's haircut
i remember the hair . pretty sure i remember the hair
completely sure . i do n't recognize any of the features in this HAPAX set .
i am certain i saw this face yesterday .. eyes and facial hair .
certain . his hair looks familiar to me
completely certain .. i specifically remember seeing this guy more than once and thinking he had a goofy look on his face .
i am somewhat certain . his eyebrows , hair and facial hair makes me think i saw him
i am not really sure . he looks like one of the ones i remember .. his facial features looked familiar .
i do not recognize any of these faces . all of these faces have strong features i feel i would have remembered .
very certain . he is not there
pretty certain . only one looked familiar
fairly certain . i font recall a red shirt .
only slightly certain . i feel like i have seen this man before .
not very . he looks familiar
very much not sure .. i really do n't know if i 've seen any of these individuals previously . none feel familiar .
pretty certain . do n't recognize them
not very certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
very . because he 's cute and hard to forget
i am quite certain . i remember thinking about a man with big ears .
not sure . think i recognize from the sideshow but can not be sure .
somewhat certain . none of the individuals looked like those from the previous pictures
not certain . i just do n't recognize these people .
i think i saw him . i ca n't really tell who i saw earlier but he looks familiar
fairly certain .. none of these look familiar .
slightly . face shape looks similar
i 'm not certain at all .. i feel like maybe , just maybe i 've seen them , but i really ca n't say .
mostly . did not match HAPAX HAPAX i said to DIS during first line up . but one looks like a maybe .
i think he was in the lineup . i think i remember his hair style
i 'm about half certain i 've not seen any of these people before .. i look at them all and i do n't think i 've seen them . i think i would remember faces like this , but i 'm not sure completely .
kind of certain . one guy looks kind of familiar but i font think he is one
i am fairly certain . the man in the photo i selected looks very familiar
somewhat certain .. i think i saw him .
halfway . look somewhat familiar , but ca n't pick out a particular face
somewhat . none look familiar
certain . do n't remember seeing any in the beginning pictures .
pretty certain . the eyes look familiar
very certain . i recognize this person 's head shape , chin , and eyes . i am quite certain it 's him .
unsure . i do n't recognize anyone .
not very confident . they look close to but not exactly like i remember
certain . no face looks familiar to me
i do n't think so . i had to think hard about one person
maybe 25 % certain .. i do n't recall any of their faces .
pretty certain . none of the faces look familiar .
pretty sure . i 've never seen these men before .
no one looks familiar . no one is familiar in this line up
i am about half certain about this lineup . i am not remembering any of these men
certain . mi not sure
not at all certain . vague recognition .
i think i remember him but i am mostly unsure . his nose looks familiar
moderately certain . none look familiar .
i 'm not entirely certain . i thought i recognized his face from before , but i 'm not too sure .
not at all . i font recognize anyone
not very certain .. i might have seen this one .
not sure . individuals face look familiar
i am certain . his beard looks familiar
i 'm not certain . no face looks familiar and no features stand out to me .
very certain . his facial expression .
certain somewhat . i 've seen him before .
somewhat sure . the face looks familiar
nothing i remember . nothing sticks out
pretty sure . none of these faces are familiar .
it 's my instinct that i think i 've seen this man before . i ca n't really HAPAX point what exactly is familiar . but i feel that i 've seen him before
none of them look familiar at all . i recognize no faces from the previous lineup .
not very certain . that face looks very familiar , i believe that i saw it yesterday
none look familiar . none look familiar
a little certain . he seems familiar .
not at all . none of the faces look familiar to me .
unsure . some of them look familiar but i 'm not sure .
i remember him . i remember his face .
mostly certain . i feel like i 've seen someone with this type of facial hair in the lineup
somewhat certain , not very confident . he looks familiar , but did not stand out in original set .
very certain that i have seen this man before .. i remember the expression on his face .
maybe HAPAX percent certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of them .
a little bit . i font remember these faces
he 's making a different face , but that 's him . i remember the man 's HAPAX smirk . he does n't have it here , but i remember noticing his hair , eyes , and the HAPAX of his cheeks and jaw because i was DIS on his expression .
pretty certain . none of these guys look quite like anyone i saw yesterday
none of the faces look familiar , so i am pretty certain .. i am HAPAX on HAPAX memory to decide if they were in the previous lineup .
unsure . unsure
i am sure . this guy was memorable
not sure . looked most familiar
i think he was seen , but i am not sure since he is wearing a different shirt . . he looks familiar , but i ca n't be sure .
somewhat certain .. i do n't have any memory of these faces . i 'm starting to get DIS up though from looking at all the lineups .
i think i saw him earlier . he looks like a friend of mine .
somewhat certain . i think maybe this could be the guy
not certain . i ca n't recall any of these
not really . he looks vaguely familiar .
not sure at all . i do n't remember specific face shapes and characteristics
different expression but i saw him . i remember him
not too certain . he looks familiar based on face shape .
i am fairly certain .. i said that i am fairly certain because those people do not look familiar .
i remember his face . the eyes
fairly certain . i remember the eyebrows with the goatee
i am not certain . i do n't believe i have seen any of the men above
i 'm not very certain .. i ca n't recall any of these faces .
not certain . i think i remember him but not sure
not 100 % sure .. again the facial expressions are throwing me off so i 'm not positive .
i not 100 percent certain but i think i saw him yesterday . i have a feeling i saw him in photo yesterday
i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these face .. i feel confident about saying i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before .
almost certain . he s attractive so i remembered his face
kind of sure . i remember thinking a dude looked like kenya west but he wast in a red shirt .
i do n't remember any of these faces .. i do n't recall any of these faces .
fairly certain . none look familiar .
a little . i do n't recognize them .
very . i remember thinking he looked HAPAX and a bit HAPAX
quite certain this was one of the individuals in yesterdays survey . . i remember someone looking up just how he is with his face shape .
very . i remember his DIS hair
not . two of them look like HAPAX
fairly certain . this gentleman looks similar to a previous shown photo based on his eyebrow bone structure , nose , and HAPAX .
relatively . i think i saw him but am not sure
in not certain . maybe familiar
none of these faces look familiar . nothing stands out in any of these faces .
i am 50 % sure . no one looks like the one i saw yesterday .. i took a random guess .
reasonably certain . i feel very confident this is one of the faces i saw yesterday , but there are also a lot of people with a similar look .
slightly certain . the top right looks slightly familiar but i do not think it was the same person shown previously
not certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
i 'm not certain i saw any of them . i do n't recall seeing any of them
slight accurate . none of these faces appear familiar
certain , but not 100 % . they all look too alike one another , none of them stand out
not very certain . i think it was one of the faces i saw based on facial features
not certain . the first guy looks familiar but i do n't think his eyebrows are DIS enough .
not very . they all look very similar to me
none . do not recognize
fairly postie . looks familiar
certain . no face looked familiar or DIS my attention
somewhat . i think i remember his hair and his mouth .
somewhat certain . i remember the hairline and strong jaw , but not certain that is enough o positively id
i do not recall . do n't remember the faces
not very certain . i was going to pick not present however , his chin looks really familiar .
i am fairly certain i recall seeing this face before . . i remember the certain HAPAX of his head .
very . saw him
i 'm fairly certain .. i have a medium amount of confidence that i saw the photo yesterday .
in not very certain . this is the most familiar face
fairly certain . i believe he was wearing a different colored shirt
not very . no one stands out
not very certain . the shape of his eyes looks familiar to me .
very little certain . i have the HAPAX idea i might have seen him
very certain . remember his face
very certain . the facial expression is familiar .
not very certain . one looks slightly familiar but i am not sure .
fairly certain . none of these faces look familiar
somewhat . i think it was the man man , but i am not positive
not completely certain . the last one looks like he might be one i saw but not certain
i am somewhat certain . . i remember his nose and eyes .
not very . i do n't remember anyone looking like any of these guys
very certain . he reminded me of kenya west .
moderately sure . i am pretty positive but not 100
fairly certain . i do not believe any of these faces were present yesterday .
certain . i saw him
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't recognize any of these men .
pretty sure . do not look familiar
very . i tried to HAPAX certain HAPAX or HAPAX i HAPAX from the faces and i font see anything here that reminds me of them
i remember this guy because he looks like a friend of mine . very certain . . i remember him very clearly because of his nose and hair .
somewhat certain . he looks like i might have seen him before
i do not recognize one of these faces . no face looks familiar to me .
a little . . he kind of looks familiar .
sort of . that guy kind of stood out from the rest
none look familiar . none
i 'm not at all certain .. i 'm really not sure if i 've seen any of them or not , but if i have i think maybe it 's this person .
very . i do n't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos .
mildly sure i do n't remember them . i ca n't recall these faces
very certain . appearance
not sure . possibly familiar
completely certain . i do not recognize any of the faces shown
not sure at all . i do n't recall anyone with the facial hair HAPAX in these photos
pretty sure . his face shape and facial hair look very familiar
fairly certain . i remember his hair and eyes
very certain . no one looks familiar .
kind of certain . no one looks familiar .
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
fairly . no one seems familiar .
very certain . have n't seen these faces before
not sure at all .. not of them quite look like the HAPAX
very certain . i 'm pretty sure i remember him .
i 'm fairly certain , but not positive . i remember his lips and chin acne .
fairly certain . i do not remember any of these faces from before .
half way certain . the face looks familiar
pretty certain . not of them look HAPAX familiar .
fairly certain . he looks familiar
pretty certain . i seem to remember this face earlier except the man was wearing a black and white shirt
certainly not here . i do n't see anything specifically recognizable here .
very certain .. i do n't recall any of their faces , not even a little .
several ( perhaps 4 ) of the faces seem somewhat familiar , but this one seems very familiar .. this face seems strongly familiar .
not very certain . do n't recognize any of these faces .
i am DIS certain .. i remember his haircut
sure . eyebrows
somewhat . i think i remember seeing this person
kinda . font look familiar .
not completely certain .. no one looks familiar .
positive . i know i saw this face .
i am not nearly certain of this choice . one face seems familiar , but i am not completely sure .
i 'm very certain . i recognize the shape of his faro , and his eyebrows are higher up .
pretty certain .. because none of them seem familiar .
maybe . uncertain
pretty certain . they do n't look familiar
" absolutely certain . i distinctly remember seeing this picture earlier because i thought to myself that he resembled kenya west and i nicknamed him " " kenya " " during the random picture DIS . "
i am positive .. i recognize his eyes , nose and mouth .
pretty certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys yesterday
i 'm pretty sure i recognize this guy . i think i remember the unique shape of his nostrils and his nose
not certain . they do not look familiar
i think i have seen this photo before . i am not certain but he looks familiar
pretty certain . i do n't think i saw any of them previously , but i am not sure
not very . i have a vague feeling that i saw this person , but it is not strong
i am certain he was in the ones i saw . because i remember seeing him
somewhat certain . i remember the type of look the man was making
fairly certain . i think i remember his hair being kind of HAPAX .
i 'm pretty certain i 've seen the man i chose , before .. i vaguely remember his nose shape and his high forehead .
fairly . looks familiar .
mostly certain . i do n't remember any of these facial features .
fairly certain . the haircut looks very familiar
he looks familiar . i think i saw him earlier
i am certain . i remember his face
not very certain at all . i 'm not sure i have previously seen any of the faces
pretty certain . none of these faces are familiar to me .
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
pretty sure . i font recognize anyone
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
not very . i ca n't recall any of these faces
not very . none look familiar
very . none look familiar
i 'm fairly certain . none of the faces look familiar , but they all look slightly similar , so nothing stands out
looks similar . they look alike
not certain . i vaguely remember his face
semi certain . he looks familiar .
very certain . i do n't recognize anyone
i am only a little certain . the face looks somewhat familiar from the faces i saw previously
very certain . i feel i would remember their faces or hair
very certain . none look familiar
somewhat certain . bottom middle does look familiar .
a bit certain . his hair and eyes are familiar
i am a little bit certain i recognize his face .. i believe i may have seen this man 's face yesterday , i am not completely sure though .
somewhat certain . i think i recognize that photo but i 'm not positive .
somewhat certain . head shape and skin tone stand out .
i 'm pretty certain , but i have some DIS . one of the faces looks sort of familiar , but not familiar enough to be one i saw in the DIS .
do n't remember any of these faces .... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
i 'm pretty sure . i 'm almost certain i have n't ever seen any of them either .
i am not sure its a guess . the hair and the blue eyes look similar to someone before
i am certain of my response because i remember him . i remember the way his hair was HAPAX .
very certain . i remember his face
i 'm fairly certain . he has the same neck as before .
not certain none of them look like anyone i saw yesterday . i font remember seeing any of them
not very . nothing looks familiar
not sure at all , seems vaguely familiar . . because i 'm unsure , but he seems DIS familiar .
kind of certain . i believe this face to look familiar , like i saw it yesterday .
not very certain as i do n't think any of these faces were present . i do not recall any of these faces except the top left slightly but i 'm just HAPAX it would n't be 3 not HAPAX in a row .
very . not there .
somewhat . i believe i saw his face yesterday
moderately . his hair and facial hair
fairly certain . i remember that shape of face
very . they are n't recognized .
not certain but no one looks familiar . no one i recognize
sort of . looks familiar
i am absolutely confident . i know he was in it yesterday because he looks like a HAPAX of DIS DIS and kenya west .
pretty certain . i mean i think i saw him yesterday
font remember any of these . i ca nt remember any of these
i am not very certain , but he looks familiar . his hair , and eyes look familiar .
very certain . recognized face
very . did not see him
i 'm 80 % certain .. i do not remember seeing any of these men .
positive . he was wearing a necklace in the original photo .
pretty certain . he looks familiar
extremely certain . i clearly remember him . he has the same expression .
very . his face , lips , and hair .
very . because i font recognize any of them
very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
fairly certain . mi almost 100 percent sure i saw him
i think i 've seen him . i think he had a different facial expression
sort of . he kind of looks familiar
pretty certain . looks familiar and other faces too distinct to not remember
i think i 'm certain .. the hair and nose look familiar .
completely . this person has a distinctive face
i 'm confident i did n't see any of them yesterday . none of the faces look familiar to me .
not very sure . this guy looks familiar but it could just be that they all look similar in race and haircut .
pretty sure nobody is here . i do n't recognize anyone
pretty certain , although i 'm not sure . the man in the upper middle seemed familiar in some features , but not others
not certain . i am not certain if a person is not present
not very certain . his expression looks familiar but not exactly his face
maybe , not certain . i think someone with a similar face was shown , but not in this head position
very certain .. i do not recognize anyone .
i 'm slightly positive . do not recognize any of these faces
somewhat . i do not think i saw any of these men
i think i remember him . his ears , his close together eyes , and his big chin .
i am not all that certain . the facial features look familiar . the eyes are very familiar . the facial expression seems different .
fairly confident . none of them look at all familiar
the person has an DIS shaped head .. the person has and DIS shaped head compared to the rest of the pictures provided .
the person had much more HAPAX skin complexion .. the person has a diff face and skin complexion .
relatively certain . i remember the goatee and hair .
i am fairly sure .. he looks like one of the guys i remember , but his facial expression is different and so is his clothing .
not really sure .. the top right might have been in the line up , but maybe not .
i am very sure . none of them look familiar .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
somewhat certain . this one seems a lot more familiar than the others .
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i font think i recognize them . none of them look super familiar
i 'm very certain .. i recognize his face very well .
moderately . no one rings a bell
not very . he looks kind of familiar , but i 'm not positive .
pretty certain . font recognize anyone
not very . do n't know
not certain . i do n't recognize any faces .
uncertain . looks familiar .
fairly certain . remember eyes
very certain . i remember him by the shirt he was wearing before
certain . none of these men were present .
not very . none look familiar
fairly certain . none recognized
this face looks very familiar . i think he was smiling in the previous viewing HAPAX .. he seems familiar enough that i remember the facial expression .
not positive . it looks like it could be one of the people , but i am not positive
very . did not see him
i 'm probably wrong .. i think i remember that dude ...
somewhat certain . believe i remember the shirt they guy was wearing and also the facial hair
there are a few that may have been shown but i 'm not 100 % confident with any of them .. there are no people with features that stick out to me that i specifically remember .
somewhat certain . none of them look too familiar
quite certain . no one looks like someone i have seen before .
unsure . i ca n't recognize anyone .
i remember the look he was making . the HAPAX look on his face
i remember a different person .. they look different .
somewhat . the features are not standing out to me , but ca n't be sure
not very . he looks familiar but shirt is different
not certain at all . i seem to remember someone with this same exact haircut , but nothing else in the photo rings a bell .
i am fairly certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of these people .
fairly certain i do n't recall seeing these yesterday . . i did n't feel like i recognized anyone .
fairly certain . the guy on the top left possibly
pretty certain . i do n't recognize anyone
i 'm fairly sure i saw this face before . i recall seeing a man with the same skin color and facial hair before .
very certain . i saw him .
i do n't recognize any of the faces as familiar from yesterday . i just do n't remember any of the faces or characteristics from yesterday
eyes and chin seem right . that is DIS how i remember people .
i think i saw this photo yesterday , but he was wearing a different color shirt .. i saw this person yesterday , but he was wearing a blue shirt or a dark color shirt .
i do n't remember any of these people .. none of them look familiar
do n't know on this one .. not looking like i 've seen them .
i do n't remember seeing any of the gentlemen in the above lineup , in yesterday 's lineup .. i made my response earlier because i do n't remember any of the guys above , specifically , from yesterday 's lineup .
i am pretty sure i do n't remember them .. because i do not recollect seeing them before .
somewhat . his face and hair
i have never seen any of these people . i do n't remember any of their faces .
not very sure . i think i remember those eyes .
not very certain . i do n't remember seeing these men but they all look so similar
fairly certain . i do n't clearly remember any of these facial features .
fairly . do n't recognize anyone 's face
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
not too certain . the guy on the top - left looks familiar but i do n't remember exactly
i do not recognize a face from earlier , i am fairly certain . i do not recognize any of the faces .
not certain . i ca n't tell if any of the faces look familiar
i am somewhat certain . his face seems very familiar to me
identical to someone i saw . identical to someone in the task
i 'm fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of those faces
i remember him , very clearly , because i thought he looked a little like DIS . . DIS reminds me of this guy and i HAPAX his face to memory because of it .
i do not recognize these faces . i HAPAX what i saw and could not HAPAX a familiar face .
pretty sure . i remember his hair
fairly certain . . i do n't remember these faces .
very sure . i 've seen his face .
half certain . he looks familiar , but so does one other person .
somewhat certain . this face looks familiar
the person looks familiar . the person 's photo looks familiar so it may have been in the other ones
not very certain . he looks familiar but i 'm not certain
HAPAX . i remember him having a nice smile
not at all certain . they 're starting to look the same , and i really have no memory of any of them
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
somewhat . he looks familiar , but i am not sure
fairly certain . i do n't think i recall any of these faces .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys .. because i do n't recall seeing any of them .
somewhat certain . because i do not recognize any of these faces
very . none of these faces is familiar .
not very certain . he looks familiar but i do n't remember the HAPAX of seeing him .
pretty sure . i font recognize any of these people
moderately certain . most of the faces shown previously had HAPAX
not . not
i am fairly certain .. i do n't remember any of those faces , but they are all very similar and feel common .
very . none of these faces are familiar .
confident . eye brows and chin HAPAX make me certain .
very certain . i remember thinking he looked like he was a DIS basketball player . he was wearing a tank top .
somewhat . he looks like someone i have seen before
not sure . do n't remember
not too certain . only a couple of these men did not seem unfamiliar , but i have no confidence either than i 've seen any of them before .
i do n't recognize anyone , but i am not sure . faces do n't look familiar
somewhat certain . i remember the face looking like one of my friends
i am 80 % certain none were here .. i do n't think i saw these faces .
not very certain .. definitely either bottom - left or middle - bottom . i can slightly recall the look on the guys face in the bottom - middle .
looks familiar . i believe i saw him before
i am very certain of this decision . the man has a very specific skin tone . his facial hair is also in a easy to remember pattern .
not certain . i am not sure . i am starting to get confused if i 'm remembering them from the HAPAX line up or the previous line ups to see if i recognized people
not certain . way too many faces now to remember the first ones
i font remember seeing anyone . i do n't believe any of these guys were in the photos .
very certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
kinda certain . these guys are honestly smiling to much compared to the people i saw yesterday
very familiar . remembered
i do not recognize these faces .. i looked over the faces and do n't remember them .
i am not certain .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
yes . he had a DIS face
i 'm pretty sure i 've seen this . . he looks really familiar .
almost certain . i 'm almost 100 % certain i seen him .
not that certain .. do n't remember face , again .
certain . same eyes and hair .
slightly confident . he looks familiar but i 'm not confident
i am mostly certain . the hair is throwing me off and the HAPAX .
i 'm kinda certain .. i think his mustache and facial structure look familiar .
fairly certain . i think i remember his face / hair
i 'm 80 percent certain .. none of these look familiar .
i am not certain . i am starting to HAPAX previous photos
very very certain that he was in a picture earlier . his smile , and his hair look like mine .
fairly certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
a little bit . big eyes
very certain . i think i have seen him
pretty sure . not the same look but the same face
i know for sure that he was one of the pictures from yesterday .. i remember his eyes and his hair .
i feel this response is accurate . i remember seeing this face
very certain . i remember this guy because he looks like one of my friends .
fairly . he looks like one of my friends
i am fairly certain .. because of his haircut and facial features .
HAPAX uncertain . the first man looks familiar but i can not place him from any of the pictures i saw .
somewhat certain . the smug look
DIS HAPAX . looks the same with the facial hair .
i am a little certain .. i do n't have any HAPAX as to why i chose it , simply HAPAX my gut .
certain . his eyes were exact .
fairly confident . i 'm not 100 %
i 'm not too certain .. a person i saw before could be in the lineup but if so , they look different .
kind of . he looks very similar to one of the faces if he is not one of them .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
i do n't remember any of these faces .. none of the people pictured seem familiar to me .
100 % sure . once again i do n't recognize any of these faces .
i very certain .. i remember the chin structure .
very certain . i remember the eyes and eyebrows .
most certain . this face jumped out at me HAPAX
i 'm completely certain .. i remember seeing this man in the previous lineup . i believe he was smiling .
some . i feel certain
not very certain .. several faces look familiar to me . i feel like a few of the faces i could have seen yesterday .
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing any of them before .
fairly certain . no face jumped out at me as one i saw yesterday .
i remember his hair so i am very certain . based on his hair
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing any of them .
i 'm pretty certain about my response .. i feel like i 've seen his face before .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i remember the color DIS but none of the faces seem to match
very certain . no one looks familiar at all
somewhat .. this individual looks mildly familiar to me , but it is hard to tell .
fairly certain .. i do not recognize any of the faces .
60 % . i was told to
sort HAPAX . font see anyone i recall
positive . i remember his mustache and brows .
a little certain . this person looks more familiar than the rest .
almost certain . looks very familiar
somewhat sure . none of the faces look familiar
pretty certain . i recognize the hair
medium . no one looks a little bit familiar
pretty certain i have never seen anyone here before . none of them look familiar at all
pretty . faces above are fairly unique and do n't recognize them .
not certain . this one looked familiar
i am pretty certain . his eyes and his hairline are distinctive .
very . just none look familiar .
somewhat certain . do n't recognize any of them
sorta certain . the eyes look familiar .
i do n't recall any of these . i do n't remember them
absolutely . i recall this picture due to the two acne HAPAX on the forehead and the overall HAPAX of the face .
somewhat . i do not recognize any
very certain . this face is familiar to me . haircut , eyes , nose , and mouth .
quite certain . i recognize the eyes
very certain . same facial hair and bright blue eyes .
pretty sure on this one .. unique nose .
certain . i remember his eyes very well
50/50 . i think i remember his stare
i am only a little confident .. he looks a bit familiar .
kind of certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
fairly certain .. i do n't believe i have seen any of those faces before .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of the people
a little certain . i do not remember these faces from yesterday
95 % . i remember his facial features
none look familiar . unsure
i am pretty positive . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
not very certain . none of these jump out . the hair seems familiar .
relatively certain . i believe i remember seeing his face
somewhat certain . he looks familiar
i am somewhat positive .. the hairstyle looks familiar to me .
i 'm pretty certain i did n't see any of these people .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
somewhat . none of the faces look familiar .
i am very confident i saw this individual . . i remembered this persons nose because it reminded me of someone i know nose .
completely uncertain . i font remember any of them at all
i am certain there are no faces i recognize here . none of the faces here are familiar to me .
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't recall any of these people .
i remember this man had on a DIS shirt before and a necklace . the necklace was the trigger to the face
not very certain . i think i recognize his facial features
fairly sure . one of the faces is slightly more familiar than the others , but i think he just looks very similar to one i saw before , rather than being the same one .
fairly certain .. i think i saw him .
pretty certain . i do n't think any of these men appeared before
just maybe . i remember seeing someone like him yesterday and thinking he looked like a HAPAX
i do not remember seeing any of these . . none of the above look like any person that i remember seeing .
no one looks familiar . no familiar faces
i am over half certain of seeing this choice . this face seems familiar DIS the previous study .
i feel fairly confident that he looks familiar . he looks familiar because of his facial hair and blue eyes .
uncertain . i remember one having large ears
still not certain . . i can not recall a specific face .
i am very certain i have seen this guy . i remember a good looking guy from earlier , and this is definitely him .
fairly certain .. his hair and his face stand out to me .
very uncertain . all have very smile features
i am not sure . he looks familiar , but his facial expression is different as are his clothes
very certain . i remember him
not certain . none of the faces stuck out
fairly . distinctive eyes
pretty certain i dint see any of these . none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i do n't remember any faces DIS they 've been HAPAX
zero . zero
not at all . none look familiar .
uncertain .. i do n't remember any of the faces above .
fairly certain . none of the faces triggered any memories
i am fairly certain that i have not seen any of these individuals . . i do not recognize any of these faces .
fairly certain . looks familiar , but the hair may be different .
almost certain . he looks very familiar
not at all certain . looks vaguely familiar , but it could just be due to remembering more happy expressions the first time through .
i am somewhat uncertain . he looks familiar based on facial features , but i ca n't be sure .
i 'm pretty sure none of these guys were in my lineup yesterday . . they do n't look familiar and i think i know which guy is HAPAX that they are trying to look like .
somewhat . none of these faces look familiar .
he looks familiar . i feel like i have seen him before
i do n't remember any of these . do n't recognize any
pretty certain . did not recognize any of the faces .
i am half sure . i font remember any of those faces
somewhat certain . sort of looks familiar
it looks like the guy .. i think that is the guy .
not very certain . i do n't remember the facial expression
kind of . facial structure is kind of familiar .
not very . . i think i may have seen that individual in the line up , but am not sure .
moderately certain . i do n't recognize anyone in these photos
i am somewhat certain . i think because his clothing maybe changed .
completely certain .. i remember seeing this face in the photos .
moderately sure . same face , different expression
maybe certain . looks familiar
relatively certain . he reminded me of a celebrity so it stuck
confident . none of the faces look familiar .
do not remember seeing any of these people . . do not look familiar
not overly . font recognize anyone
absolutely certain . i remember seeing this man because i thought he DIS someone famous .
in relatively certain . he looks familiar .
i do not recognize anyone . noon looks familiar
i have no idea . because i have no idea
i remember seeing this face . it seems like i saw them when i did the last survey
mostly . none of the faces looked familiar
i feel that this guy was seen before .. this guys face looks really familiar from the lineup .
not sure at all . none of the faces seem familiar .
not certain . because i 'm not certain
pretty sure . do n't seem familiar
quite . no familiar faces
i am pretty sure i saw him . i remember the nose .
fairly certain . remember the hair
almost positive . i remember his face
same no neck kid from earlier . just not smiling only diff
fairly certain . none of the individuals above are similar in appearance to the previous pictures shown
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
i am fairly certain .. i seem to remember the face , also the hair seems very familiar
i am very certain .. i remember his hair .
unsure . that face looks familiar but i do n't know if he was in the lineup yesterday
very certain . the HAPAX position of the eyes .
pretty sure i do n't recall these faces . none of these faces were giving me any HAPAX that i 've seen them previously .
i am absolutely positive . i remember his face
mostly certain . i believe i recognize the hairstyle and ears .
fairly certain ! . i do not recognize any of these specific faces .
60 . i think i remember him
i saw none of them .. i am almost certain i saw none of the above face .
i 'm a little bit sure i saw him before .. the picture i remember seeing of this guy , he was smiling , so i ca n't be sure if this is the same guy , but his facial features look similar .
very certain . none of the others looked familiar .
not very certain . i somewhat remember the hair .
i know this is him . he looks like kaye west .
not certain . i font remember
kind of sure . do n't remember the faces
very certain . i know i saw the person before
very . none are familiar .
reminds me of a HAPAX . reminds me of a HAPAX
i believe i am sorta accurate . i am DIS this one on the shape of his head and cheek bones
font know . font know
kinda .. there were two white men who looked a bit like HAPAX HAPAX . might be him .
about 20 % certain . the eyebrows and jaw look familiar
i am pretty sure i have n't seen this photo before . he does not look familiar .
somewhat certain .. i feel like this guy 's face looks familiar .
not very certain . i think i remember this face
not very . they may be familiar .
font think i have seen any of these . not present
completely sure . i remember his neck .
slightly certain . most of these faces seem new
somewhat certain . i think i saw him yesterday
eyes look familiar . eye color and shape
i am positive .. i remember thinking the guy looks like kenya west .
somewhat certain . no familiar faces
very . i do n't remember seeing .
fairly certain . they do n't look familiar .
not certain . the chin looks familiar
not very . his face looks the most familiar but i 'm not sure
almost completely certain . reminded me of a friend .
not very . again , i think some could be familiar
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
very . i am certain that i saw him .
not very . every HAPAX of these is getting harder and harder ; they blend together
very . his hair and eyes are HAPAX .
certain . they were n't pictured before .
not very certain . looks vaguely familiar
pretty certain . he looks very much like a friend of mine , so he stuck out during the pictures .
i do n't recognize anyone .. none of the faces look familiar .
eh ... i think so . face recognition
eh maybe 30 . i am not sure if these are any of the kids
i am fairly certain . his eyes . they were very unique .
some . this one looks like someone
i am sure this guy was one from yesterday . he has the same eyes and nose
fairly certain . i remember his hair
moderately certain . his facial structure and haircut DIS me to believe i have seen him before .
fairly certain . these faces do n't look familiar
i am certain . i recognized his facial hair .
sorta . one of them might be from yesterday
fairly certain . facial features , nose ( DIS ) jaw line
a little certain . i believe i recall seeing that specific hair style .
not very . i feel the face is not exact however the expression is not either .
not very . sort of familiar
he looks familiar . he had DIS eyebrows and facial expression , he just looks familiar
fairly certain . again , i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before .
not sure at all . i have no idea !
i would say 95 % sure . do n't recognize any features
fairly certain . the cheekbones look familiar
unsure . the more people i see the more faces i forget
i am pretty sure none of those faces appeared before .. i do n't remember seeing any of those faces .
moderately certain .. i do n't see any faces i remember .
half sure ? . his eyes seem familiar
almost positive . i do n't recall any of these from earlier .
not very certain . i 'm not sure if i saw any of these faces or not
very . all look too similar to tell
vaguely certain . i just do n't know . maybe i saw him yesterday or maybe i saw him in earlier slides today and i getting them confused ,
not sure . none
i am really sure on this one .. i remember trying to remember eye and hair color
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces . i would remember these faces
in not really sure at all about this one . some of them look familiar but not enough for me to say yes
semi - certain . i think i saw him but the hair might have been a little different .
very certain . the neck HAPAX are the same .
very certain .. his face is very familiar .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
a little certain . i do n't recognize any
pretty certain . no one looks familiar
half certain . i think i remember this man 's face
not very . ca n't be sure
i am a little certain of this choice .. he looks more familiar than the other photos . something about the way he is HAPAX his eyes makes him seem familiar to me .
mostly certain . looks familiar
fairly . none of the men seem familiar .
i am not certain at all . . i do not recognize any characteristics of these individuals .
very certain . i remember clearly seeing him in the original photos .
i 'm pretty certain . i do n't remember any of them
not totally confident in my response . i recognize eyes and facial expression
almost . none
not very . i am not sure if this is the person i saw or not
fairly . do n't recognize anyone .
i remember the shape of his nose . i recognize both his nose and the shape of the head it 's on
i am pretty sure not present . i am examining the photo and looking at eye structure , hair , jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday .
completely . i remember
a little certain . the HAPAX looks a little familiar .
very certain . not there .
very certain . the hair and eyes and face in general .
pretty sure . it 's not DIS that i saw one of them but i certainly ca n't remember it and i was trying very hard to HAPAX them into my mind .
a little . do n't recognize
i am fairly certain . his blue eyes and hair was memorable to me
i font recognize anyone .. none seem familiar to me .
no faces look familiar . no faces look familiar
i am not certain . the faces all look familiar to a degree , but none stand out to me .
very uncertain . vaguely familiar , might have been smiling in the original photo
fairly certain . i do not recognize any distinguishing characteristics of these people
i am certain .. i did not recognize any face .
somewhat . somewhat
not sure . none stand out to me
i am pretty sure i saw him yesterday .. i am almost sure i saw him yesterday .
not too sure . he definitely looks familiar but in not certain
somewhat . looks familiar
very certain . i do not recognize any of these men .
i do n't think i recognize anyone . none of the facial features of the people pictured look familiar
pretty certain . do n't recognize any of these
not sure . he looks like my cousin , but i 'm not sure if i remember him from yesterday
pretty certain . i do n't recall any of these people being in the line up
not very . i am not sure if this is the person i saw earlier
i think i am right . none look familiar
i am absolutely certain . i have seen this person in the previous photos ; i remember his eyes , especially .
i am almost certain none of these look familiar . non of them look familiar to me
pretty certain . font recognize them .
i am certain . none look familiar .
not very certain . no features stick out HAPAX me as being familiar
pretty certain . his hair and neck look familiar
slightly . none of these faces look familiar .
i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before . . i feel confident about saying i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before .
certain . do n't recognize at all
certain . his eyes , his smile , his chin .
very sure . none look familiar at all
fairly certain . i remember the facial hair - shirt is different .
i recognized his hair . his hair and eyes
not very certain at all . he looks a little familiar
not very certain . his bone structure in his face is familiar , i also recognized he was HAPAX looking , maybe DIS .
50 percent certain . i remember the ears on this guy . the bottom part was very thick and big
i am certain i did not see any of these men . none of them look familiar to me .
fairly . i think i remember his photo because it kinda stood out to me at the time because of his expression
i recognize this man . i thought he was slightly attractive
do not remember any of these face . none looked similar
no one looks familiar . no one looks familiar
i do n't recall any of these . i do n't recall any of these
certain . pretty sure
completely certain . i remember the hair and goatee
fairly certain . do n't recognize any faces
maybe .. i do n't really remember too DIS .
not so sure . the hairstyle and overall facial features look familiar
not confident at all . i feel like i have seen this man before but i 'm not sure
fairly . none of them look familiar .
i 'm only somewhat certain . none of these faces stick out .
not sure . i few look vaguely familiar , but i do n't remember them .
100 % . recall him
a little . this person looks familiar to me , i am not sure though
70 percent certain . i remember his chin .
mostly . i 'm less certain now actually
fairly certain . no one looks familiar from the previous survey
i can recall him exactly . his facial features HAPAX me id him
not certain . he looks like some of the others i remember seeing
not very . font recall these people from photos
taking a DIS guess . not sure whether i saw him or not
pretty certain . he has on a different shirt on , and a different expression that i remember
pretty certain . i think i remember seeing his face .
i am a little bit certain , i thought he looked like the DIS of another guy on here .. i 'm not totally sure , but he reminds me of another picture 's DIS .
sort of . nose , lips .
pretty certain . i think i remember seeing his face .
i 'm fairly certain .. i seem to recall the cheek bones and hair cut .
just not sure . i do not recognize them .
slight . they look different
a little certain . there is something familiar about this face .
i ca nt recall any of them . very unsure
not very . maybe familiar
a little certain .. that face looks familiar but i 'm not sure i saw it yesterday .
i do n't recognize any of them . i do n't think i have seen them before .
not super certain . none of them look familiar .
certain . do n't notice any
my choice is uncertain . . none of the faces in the line up feel familiar . i do n't feel confident any of the faces i saw before .
i 'm not very certain . . he looks similar to a face i think i saw .
about half . i remember the eyebrows
kind of . nobody looks like anyone i 've seen .
very certain . the face in its HAPAX looks really familiar
somewhat certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period .
i do not recognize anyone in the pictures . . nobody appears familiar to me .
semi . thought about top middle
not very certain at all . none of these men look particularly familiar .
very . i remember because of his hair and the weird part
mostly sure . i do not recognize any of these faces .
somewhat certain . none of them look familiar
pretty sure . i font recognize any of them .
unsure , this is n't so easy . 1 or 2 look vaguely familiar but nothing HAPAX to mind .
a little . i recall his dark cheeks
i 'm not very certain . he looks familiar .
semi certain . i think he is the one i thought was attractive so in pretty sure i remember him
very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
i am fairly certain . they look similar to one picture i saw yesterday , but i 'm unsure
i 'm fairly certain . this person seems to have the same nose and eyes as someone i saw .
dint see any of these guys . not familiar
positive . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
fairly certain . he looks familiar
very sure .. i remember the eyes this gentleman had in the original . hair is a little similar as well .
i do n't recognize any of them and i 'm sure . i do n't recognize any of them , none of them gave me that feeling of recognition
in very certain . i remember a guy who looked like kenya west , this is definitely him .
fairly certain . the face shape was similar to one of the men from before .
pretty sure . i think i remember him
fairly certain . the eyes and mouth
moderately . looks familiar
moderately . think i remember his face from yesterday
i do n't think i 've seen any of these people .. the person in the top - left looks the most familiar but i 'm not too confident .
certain . same guy
i am not certain on this one .. he just has a familiarity to him .
i 'm pretty sure about this one .. i really do n't recognize any of the faces .
i 'm pretty certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
pretty certain . looks familiar
i am 80 % certain . . i remember the shape of the head . it stood out to me yesterday .
not certain at all . ca n't find familiarity in these faces
no present . i font remember any of these faces .
fairly certain . i remember the head and facial hair . wast he smiling before ?
i do n't recognize anyone . i am not certain .. none of their faces are familiar .
i am very certain . i remember this guy because he looks like someone i know in real life and i made the HAPAX .
i am not certain i saw this person . this person looks slightly familiar but then again he does n't .
kind of . jaw line seems familiar
confident . i remember this person
fairly sure . i recognize the neck and mouth .
i am quite certain . i know that i did n't see any of these faces before . i do n't remember seeing them .
none of these faces ring a bell . no one looks familiar from yesterday
fairly . do n't recognize any face but the red sweatshirt is throwing is .
i am almost sure that he is not in this lineup . . none of them look familiar .
unsure . ca n't remember
certain . do not recognize any of the faces .
very certain .. the hair .
a little . he looks familiar , this is a lot harder than i thought it would be !
unsure . i ca nt really tell if any are familiar
very . eyes , nose , facial expression .
fairly certain . none of these faces look familiar .
about 60 percent sure that i have not seen any of the photos above .. i do n't remember these pictures .
i believe he looks familiar . he looks familiar because of his hair and eyes .
extremely . i 'm positive
certain . none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
i am mostly certain . no one seems familiar .
not too certain . one person looks a little familiar but not enough for me to pick them
i am pretty sure i saw him yesterday .. i think he was smiling more in the picture yesterday , but i believe it is the same person .
none look familiar . none were in the task
i am certain . i have n't seen any of these men before .
not sure . i do n't recognize anyone HAPAX
4 out of 10 . unsure
very sure . looks like a HAPAX DIS
very . he had a little bit of a second chin going on
kind of . remember the eyes
very . i could n't be sure so i could n't just pick one at random
not very certain . he has a different expression , i believe he had a wide DIS look yesterday , but he looks kind of familiar
i am fairly certain .. none of these faces jump out to me like i have seen them
uncertain . i 'm not sure
fairly certain , however the bottom middle i may have seen yesterday . . i just do n't recall seeing this yesterday . most of the white men had blue eyes .
i am 100 % certain that this man was one of the pictures that i saw .. i remember his eyes and the way that he HAPAX his head .
fairly certain . do n't recognize face
slightly certain . his face looks familiar . he has HAPAX features .
quite certain . none of these guys looks very familiar
pretty sure . his HAPAX hair and recognized him from before
not very certain . i feel like i 've seen him before
very certain . do not recognize anyone .
not certain . this face looks familiar , but i 'm not confident that i 've seen it before .
unsure . one looks familiar , but i do n't remember the facial hair
not very . the more i look everyone is starting to look similar , some of them i know for sure were n't there but others i am on the DIS about
certain . not recognizing any of the faces .
not certain .. i do n't recall any .
i think i am correct . none of them look familiar .. none of the men look familiar .
not very . i have a vague feeling that i saw this person , but it is not strong
pretty certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them before
i feel i have seen this face before . the face i selected felt familiar to me
not at all certain . they 're starting to look the same , and i really have no memory of any of them
i 'm not certain , but i do n't think i saw them . i do n't recognize any of their faces
very . did not recognize any of the guys as being in the line up .
fairly certain . i do not recall any of these faces
i am very certain .. i said i was very certain because i remember making a HAPAX about the how the person looks attractive .
very . i remember he had a gold chain
certain . he s not there
i am slightly certain about this one . . i remember this individual 's hair .
i am fairly certain . i remember his eyebrows
pretty certain . i do n't remember any
not at all . DIS the facial hair and clothes and i do n't know what i know .
i am not entirely certain . they look different when not smiling or in different clothing .
very certain . i remember this man from the previous images .
not really . face shape
100 % sure . remember face
i think i saw him before . he kind of looks familiar
not to sure to be honest .. i 'm not to sure but i made a guess based on his facial features mainly his cheek bone .
65 . they all look similar
slightly certain . i font think i have seen any of their faces before
50 % sure . he did n't show up often on the line up but he looks familiar
quite certain of my selection . facial recognition .
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of these faces at all , except the top right one , which seems familiar .
i 'm pretty certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
very certain . i do not recognize anyone .
fairly certain . do n't recall seeing these people before
50 % . this person looks familiar .. they just seem familiar . the images all seem different from the images i saw before though .
the eyes and hair seem familiar . the eyes and hair seem familiar .
not certain . . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
certain . HAPAX / HAPAX i did n't see them before .
fairly certain . his expression , his eyes nose and lips HAPAX in a certain way that looks very familiar . his bone structure in his face .
somewhat sure . the way his head is DIS
not very . no one stands out
not very . nose looks familiar
very certain . recognize the face
i am very confident . i remember him by the way his head is HAPAX down and to the side a little
pretty sure . i remember
very uncertain . i do n't recognize anyone
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am somewhat certain . i remember this mans lips and eyes
fairly certain . none look familiar
somewhat . i ca n't recall
mostly sure . the HAPAX of his neck
kind of certain . they font look familiar .
not at all . i think i saw him but i am not sure
100 percent sure . i remember his whole face
i have never seen any of these men . . i have n't ever seen them .
a little bit .. he seems to have a more memorable expression .
i am a little certain .. i do not recognize any of the images .
slightly certain .. i do n't remember any of the above faces .
pretty much . i font recognize anyone
somewhat certain . i think i remember that beard style
pretty certain . none of the previous faces are present
mi not sure . they look the same
not really certain . i think i saw this person
unsure . several of them have familiar features , but none look totally familiar
i am completely certain this is the guy . when i first saw him , i noted that he looked like my friend 's HAPAX other .
kind of sure . none of these faces look familiar .
confident . no one looks familiar to me
not very . i do n't remember any of the faces from yesterday .
just a little certain . there are some that sorta make me think of someone but not for sure
pretty certain . none of the above men look like the ones i saw yesterday
do n't recall any of these . do n't recall any of these
somewhat certain . two of the pictures look somewhat familiar
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
moderately certain . i do not recognize any of these faces .
not completely . only one seems similar .
pretty confident . looks like one of the previous photos
mi pretty sure . i recall the hair cut
it 's getting HAPAX difficult the longer i am HAPAX from the slide show , but i 'm 60 % certain none of these guys were in it .. no one in this line up has the facial features of anyone from the slide show . at least , i do n't think so , DIS .
not at all . i do n't recognize them .
very accurate . he looked like HAPAX HAPAX the actor .
not very certain . one of the guys kind of looks familiar , but not enough to choose him
100 . remember him
not very certain . can not DIS
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before
quite a bit . i remember this individual
kind of certain . his DIS eyebrows
pretty certain . the color of his eyes .
somewhat . none of these faces look familiar
not very . none look familiar but i have no idea
not really certain at all . familiarity
i am fairly certain i have not seen any of them before . none of them match the features of the people i saw before .
i think i saw him . i may have saw him earlier
certain . his fro
not too sure . i believe i saw him yesterday but a different photo
fairly . i feel like i did n't see any of them yesterday
pretty certain . i think i remember
kind of . DIS and hair cut .
i am a somewhat certain . the facial features seem familiar
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't know if i saw this person .
not sure . looks slightly familiar
font know . font know
somewhat . i do n't recognize them
not certain .. i am just unsure if any of them are faces i have seen before .
unsure . nothing DIS a memory
i 'm really not too sure , but i do n't remember any of those faces .. i do n't remember anybody , but i could be wrong .
not certain at all . do n't recognize any of the faces
i am not very certain . his eyebrows look familiar .
a little . he looks familiar to me , i am not sure
very certain . he looks like kenya west
very certain . do n't recognize any of the faces .
i remember this man . i remember his faro and big eyes .
not certain at all . i can not remember if i have seen any of these men .
not very certain . none look very familiar
certain . his face shape is very distinct
somewhat certain . i kinda remember that face
i am slightly certain that this man was present .. his lip size , and the size of his eyes i think i saw in the lineup making me believe he was present .
somewhat certain . this face looks slightly familiar , but i am not certain if i did see it prior .
no familiar faces . no faces look familiar
i am a little certain . he looks like someone i can somewhat picture .
80 . his face looks familiar
completely certain . it 's the exact same picture even the DIS is the same
somewhat . no one looked familiar
i do n't remember any of these guys . i ca n't recall any of these guys faces
i do n't think i 've seen these faces .. none of these faces seem familiar to me .
somewhat certain . don recognize
50 50 . i font remember any of those haircuts but the one on the top right could be someone i saw before in not 100 percent
i 'm pretty confident i remember his HAPAX DIS .. his face , features , and hair style
moderately , would n't bet HAPAX on it . i think this guy looks familiar but i am definitely not positive .
0 % . still DIS together , looking for a specific mugshot of previous person .
not sure . his eyes seem familiar
very certain . he stuck out to me because he reminded me of an actor
almost certain . i think i remember seeing him .
i 'm pretty certain .. he seems recognizable because he looks like my brother and i believe i remember that from yesterday .
somewhat sure . just a guess font remember any specific details
pretty sure . i do n't recall seeing any of those faces .
confident . none look familiar .
not certain at all . nothing sticks out to me
in pretty sure i saw this individual . his face and hair look very familiar
50 . i think i remember him
not too certain . none of them strike me as familiar , but not sure
some . no familiar faces
very certain . none look familiar
somewhat . just seems familiar
certain . i do not see any recognizable facial features
completely certain . i do n't recognize the features of the examples shown .
somewhat certain . kinda looks familiar .
not certain at all .. again , i am just going off of the most familiar face on the HAPAX , but it is just a guess .
slightly certain . i think i remember his pointed head .
none of these guys look familiar . no one looks like someone i had seen before .
his facial features look familiar . i think he was smiling before but his nose and eyes look familiar
i 'm not certain at all . there were a lot of people yesterday and i do n't remember a lot of the specific characteristics
certain . not up there
completely certain . i know i saw that person before
very certain . his face reminds me of this HAPAX out guy i used to know in high school . i remember his picture in the previous HAPAX because of that .
i 'm positive this person was in the lineup . i remember seeing this guy yesterday . he looks like a generic HAPAX HAPAX .
i do n't recall these faces from yesterday . none of these men look familiar
i am not sure . i do n't recall these men being there
not so sure . this guy seems vaguely familiar , different camera angle
fairly certain . i do n't really recognize any of these faces from yesterday , so i am fairly certain
not very . his eyes looked familiar .
not certain . no familiar traits
certain . not present
not certain at all . none of these jump out at me
positive . i font recall seeing any of these people
not very certain . looks familiar but i 'm unsure .
kinda sure . he looks a bit familiar , but i 'm not certain
a little certain . the hair color and facial shape are similar to someone i remember
a little . i think i remember someone with a mustache and HAPAX skin .
not very . not one looks familiar
not sure . none of these look familiar .
completely . i remember this face clearly as he reminds me of my DIS 's cousin .
very certain . no one looks familiar .
not certain . the eyes and brows look familiar to someone seen in the pictures
i am pretty certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday
certain . recognized face
i 'm only about half sure on this . three different images look very familiar . these are familiar looking guys .
not very . he looks familiar .
75 . the darkness of his skin
fairly certain . he looks similar to someone i know , but i 'm not 100 % sure he was in the lineup
fairly . unsure
certain . i recall him from the pictures
not sure . i am not sure if he is in there or not . none of the faces look particularly familiar .
i am pretty sure he was in there . i am fairly sure i have seen this one before but not fully
i do not remember this person . . this face is not in my memory .
just really not sure . well he is distinguishable . the eyes , the HAPAX DIS on his cheek but they all look really similar to one another
not certain . guess
a little certain .. i think i might have see this person .
very . did not see in line up .
i do n't remember seeing any of these men .. their ears stick out and i would of remembered them .
very certain . his facial hair and features .
very certain . he reminded me of kaye when viewing pictures
somewhat certain . none of the faces look familiar
i think his eyes are the same as another . i used his eyes to DIS
slightly certain . i did n't see anyone that looked familiar .
so so . seems familiar
certain . looks very familiar
not certain at all . he possibly seems more familiar than the others .
about 70 % certain . i remember seeing him yesterday
this is the second time ice seen him . his neck and jaw are familiar
i 'm pretty sure .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i did not see any of these men . the shape of their heads stand out to me as odd and i remember the shape of the people 's heads .
fairly certain . i think i saw that guy but not sure totally .
somewhat . i do n't remember the face
certain . i remember him
i am going with my gut instinct but not certain .. he has a nice smile and face and i think i remember him .
somewhat . he looks familiar .
pretty sure .. none of them match up with the people i saw earlier .
not certain . looks are HAPAX
somewhat certain . looks familiar
slightly certain . none of these men look familiar .
i do n't remember these faces . i have never seen these faces
i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face .. i feel confident about saying i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face before .
i 'm mostly certain . the face seems familiar , but different shirt .
not that certain . he looks similar , but without the gold chain and HAPAX . i feel like i 've seen his face .
i think i remember him .. he looks familiar .
same a last , i do n't recognize any of these faces as they may look similar but not to my recollection .. i do n't recall any of these faces as they seem to similar to me .
i am slightly confident , but not very confident .. the nose seems to be the feature i remember .
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of them .
certain . not familiar at all
not very certain . no one sticks out to me
very certain . i remember him
very sure . i have not seen any of these faces . ,
sure . font recognize anyone
positive . i remembered his face because of his HAPAX HAPAX HAPAX shirt
somewhat certain . i feel like i 've seen this face before in yesterday 's lineup
kind of certain . this man has a part of his eyebrow DIS , which looks very familiar . so does his face shape .
somewhat certain .. i think it might be strange HAPAX to i ca n't tell .
not sure . they all look so similar to each other , i just ca n't tell
not very . none of these look familiar to me
not totally certain . i do n't recall any of these faces
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
not very certain . the hair reminds me of a mugshot i saw
very . he looked similar to HAPAX HAPAX
i do not recognize any of them . . i do not remember them from yesterday .
kinda certain . his weak chin looks familiar .
semi certain . none of these guys look familiar to me
somewhat . the hair is different from the original picture
fairly certain . i do n't believe i saw any of these faces yesterday
not very sure .. i think i may have a memory for this face , but i do n't know .
certain . i do n't remember any of these guys .
not very . ca n't tell
in not . i font recognize anyone
pretty sure . thought about top middle
pretty certain . none of the men looked familiar .
extremely certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
pretty sure . i do n't remember any of them
quite certain . none are recognized .
fairly certain . his face seems quite familiar . the angle of the jaw perhaps .
i think i remember seeing him . i 'm only very slightly sure .. he has a big head so i think that 's him .
fairly sure . do n't think i 've seen any of them
looks familiar ... his chin HAPAX was memorable but different angle of face . he looks like the guy shown earlier .
certain . i remember seeing his face and saying he resembles kenya west DIS
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of them .
i am pretty sure . he looks like a DIS from an old HAPAX i used to watch .
very . no recognition .
not certain . no one looked familiar .
fairly sure .. i do n't recall seeing any of the individuals previously .
kind of certain . i think i remember that face
i am certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these men .
a little bit sure .. i do n't recognize any of the faces , but they are starting to blur together a little bit .
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i am confident in my choice .. i do n't recall seeing any of these pictures .
i am almost 100 % certain that he is not in this lineup . . none of them look familiar , though the one in the top right corner reminds me of a photo .
i 'm much less certain about this one , but the face in the middle top is vaguely familiar . . something about the shape of his eyes makes this face feel familiar but i am not certain at all .
i am somewhat certain .. he looks familiar , and could have been one of the men in the photos yesterday .
he looks kind of familiar to me . . his facial structure is familiar .
not very . some look vaguely familiar , but i ca n't say for sure i 've seen them .
not very . no one looks familiar .
very certain . the face looks very familiar to me .
not at all certain .. i am not certain because none of them seem familiar .
certain .. i saw him .
i remember his face , 100 percent . his jawline and his face are the same
not certain . ca n't remember
not very . none of these men look familiar but i 'm not very certain
very certain . his face and eyes
fairly certain . i recall the facial hairstyle HAPAX up HAPAX .
none look familiar . i font think i saw any of these yesterday
i 'm not certain at all . i just do n't recognize any of the faces but also do n't feel like they are all new
a little certain . he looks a little familiar
pretty certain . i think i have seen this face before .
pretty certain . i remember him
i 'm pretty sure none of these guys were in my pictures yesterday . . i do n't remember many of these guys .
not very certain . not sure about the faces
i 'm not too certain but i think i remember this person . he looks like he was in the study
very . i remembered him because he looks like someone i know .
some certainty . one looked like a frat boy
very certain . no one looks familiar .
pretty certain . i recognized him .
fairly . i recognize the shape of his face
i am certain .. i remember the facial expression and HAPAX of his eyes that DIS my attention
not very . i may have seen him
quite certain . i do n't remember these faces
i can not recall seeing any of these men before . i do not recall these faces
these faces do n't look familiar .. i do n't remember any people who look like this from the previous study .
certain . good memory
not that certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
fairly certain . remember a similar strong face from yesterday
very certain . hair
not at all certain . i ca n't tell if any of the faces look familiar
pretty sure . he looks familiar
very certain . no faces i have seen
i am not sure but i seem to recall this face . i think i saw that HAPAX on his face before
i am mostly certain that none of these HAPAX were the previous lineup .. i made it because i was HAPAX to .
not certain . i do n't recognize anyone
not very certain . the one selected looks vaguely familiar .
fairly certain . looks familiar from yesterday
not very . the man looked a little familiar but i am not certain of it .
i can remember his face . i am very pretty sure about this
in not . i font recognize anyone
pretty certain . remember him
very certain . i recognize this photo from yesterday
i am absolutely sure . something about his eyes and eye HAPAX
not very , but no one jumps out at me . i font recognize any of the faces
i am very certain . i distinctly remember this guy .
i am positive about this one . this guy looks like someone i know and i thought that in the lineup as well
not completely certain . i sort of recognize him but not completely .
somewhat certain . i vaguely remember someone of darker skin with facial hair that i think was similar to this
not very . i font think i recognize them .
" somewhat confident . DIS not sure if i recall seeing one of those faces or not . "
50 . i font remember any of them
not certain . font recognize any of them
no certain . it kinda looks like one of the pictures but the facial expression is different
somewhat . facial expression is different
pretty certain . none of these look familiar
mostly certain .. i do n't think i remember seeing any of these faces .
positive . i did n't see them in face survey yesterday
somewhat certain . . i remember the shape of this man 's head .
i 'm about 50 % certain that i recognize this man . . i remember his hair and his face looks very familiar .
i 'm almost certain he was in the previous lineup . i just remember seeing his face
fairly . same expression .
font recognize anyone . yes .
100 percent . his goatee is very familiar
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
not certain . i just do n't recognize any of those men for sure
absolutely certain . i remember this guy had a really goofy look on his face when i saw his photo in the DIS .
fairly certain . his face and eyes
i feel pretty sure i would recognize these men if i were to see them again .. these men have memorable features .
i am fairly certain .. the face of the person looks really familiar , particularly the hair and nose .
moderately . i ca n't be sure
really sure about this one . i remember him from his eyes
not at all . two of these gentlemen seems familiar
pretty sure . i think i saw him
none of these guys look familiar . they do n't look familiar
i do not recall any of these faces . because i have no recollection of any of them
i know i saw this face yesterday . i remember seeing this person 's eyes / forehead
somewhat certain . this facial structure , complexion , and hair style reminds me of someone i 've seen before . but not a striking resemblance .
pretty certain . i font remember seeing any of these men
i 'm sure . i 'm sure
decently certain . no familiarity
not certain . i do n't recognize any of these people
not certain . i do n't remember any faces
i am fairly certain these were not present .. none of them ring a bell .
somewhat certain . shape of face and lips look similar to someone in the pictures .
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
fairly certain . he looks familiar
somewhat sure . i do n't recognize them , though 2 look slightly familiar .
i am fairly certain i have not seen them . i do not remember any of these faces .
not at all . they all have the same hair .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of the noses or eyes .
positive . i remember his HAPAX facial hair .
pretty certain . his eyes .
i do n't think i saw any of these dudes . i do n't recognize all of them
low certainty .. ca n't recall any of these faces .
very . was n't there
about half , no one looks familiar . nobody looks familiar but i may have forgotten .
i am quite certain .. the mans face reminded me of someone yesterday so i recognize it today .
have not seen these . have not seen .
very certain . recognize face
very certain . i saw this guy earlier
pretty certain . i font ' remember anyone 's facial expression .
very certain . clearly remember his face
somewhat confident . i think i saw him before , but i am not sure
not very certain . do n't remember specifically .
kind of certain . the HAPAX of his facial features to the left seems familiar .
certain . i think i remember him smiling
somewhat uncertain . a couple of these face looked somewhat familiar because i thought they were attractive
a little certain . i do not recall any of these men
very certain . i remember seeing this face several times
pretty sure . i 've seen this guy before .
kinda . kinda
extremely certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
they do n't look familiar . they do n't look familiar .
not certain . no one looks familiar
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
very little . i think i recognize the facial shape and lips .
some . none of the faces look familiar
very . i remember him
his eyes look familiar to me .. his eyes stand out , so i am pretty sure i saw him yesterday .
i am not certain . i am not certain
not real sure . none of them stand out
certain . really font remember any of the faces .
i recall seeing this face . this face felt very familiar and goofy
pretty sure . he look familiar to me
very . i remember his eyes .
somewhat certain . he looks familiar , but unsure if he was in the original lineup
fairly certain . these men do n't look familiar .
not very . he looks familiar to one i remember .
low certainty .. i do n't recall seeing any of these faces .
fairly sure . none look familiar .
very certain . i remember his eyes
certain . remember the face
not very . i think i saw him before
somewhat . none of these faces look familiar
pretty certain . his eyes .
really not sure . they all look very similar , not sure
not much . do n't remember well at all
somewhat certain . i font feel as though i saw any of these faces from before .
not very certain . the man looks vaguely familiar , but i am not certain if i have seen him before .
none of the faces seem familiar . do not recognize any of those facial features
certain . this person has a distinct facial expression that i think i remember from yesterday .
certain . i am positive he is familiar
fairly . i do not recognize any of the faces
i 'm most certain i 've never seen any of them before . none of them look familiar , and i think i would remember them .
very certain . i 'm sure i 've never seen these people
not very certain . i think i recognize his facial features and hair
i am pretty sure i did not see one of these guys in the lineup . . if i did , i do n't remember it . i am not great with faces .
i have a DIS but it 's not certain .. i feel like i remember this man but not 100 % .
somewhat . do n't remember seeing any of them
i font remember these . none of the pictures jumped out as if i had seen them before
i am about mostly certain i saw that man before . i recognize the wide HAPAX under his HAPAX , the part that HAPAX the HAPAX in your lips . his is HAPAX large and it looks like some HAPAX used their HAPAX to make it .
i am 80 % sure .. i do n't recall any of the faces above .
50/50 . i think i remember seeing this person
not really certain . no one looks familiar
i am slightly certain .. i think i remember seeing him .
50/50 . the eyes and nose seem familiar
pretty certain . DIS looked familiar .
ca n't remember seeing any of these people . none of these individuals look familiar
not very certain . he looks familiar but i am not sure .
not very certain . this face and expression jump out at me as being familiar , but i can not specifically place them .
100 . kenya west
not very . i ca n't recognize anyone .
not very certain . the shape of the head seems familiar , DIS of them do n't seem familiar at all .
positive . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
fairly certain . his hair and ears look familiar
pretty sure . no pictures look familiar
pretty certain . i recognize this guys face
30 percent certain . i think i saw him yesterday
fairly certain . no one looks familiar
i am almost certain i have seen this face . i recognize the facial hair .
i feel very confident . none of the faces look familiar .
not sure . font recognize anyone for sure
75 % . he looks close to one of the people i saw
not certain at all . ca n't find familiarity in these faces
not certain at all . none of these are familiar
pretty certain , but not completely . i do n't recognize anyone in the lineup for certain , but one or two seem slightly familiar , so i do n't know for certain .
do n't remember . not familiar
a little . i think i saw him
fairly certain . i did n't recognize any of them .
not very certain . i think i remember the haircut of this person
pretty certain . his eyebrows and eyes look like one of the men .
somewhat certain . i think i remember seeing his face
the rest of them i would have remembered i think .. looks familiar , would have remembered others .
i 'm not . nobody seems familiar , but i 'm starting to forget who i saw .
i do n't think anyone looks familiar , i am pretty sure . faces do n't look familiar
fairly . only one looked a little familiar but after looking at his face i do not believe it is the same person .
almost certain . i do not remember any of them
not very . there are a couple of faces that seemed like i had seen them previously but i am not sure , so i picked one of them
unsure . lighting
not at all . no one stands out
quite certain . the HAPAX of facial hair HAPAX by the subjects above are very distinct from the images shown earlier , though the top center image looks vaguely familiar .
do n't remember them . i do n't remember
fairly certain . i remember his face
i am fairly certain . none of these men look familiar .
i do n't remember any of these faces . none of them stand out to me , i do n't recall seeing these faces
not certain . i do n't remember any of these men
i am mostly certain . . i am not totally certain .
pretty certain . hair , long face , mustache , wide eyes .
i font remember anyone . i font have a feeling on any of them
not sure . i can not say that i remember any of these faces off the top of my head
pretty certain . they do n't look familiar at all
not certain at all . . i remember seeing somebody that looked kind of similar during the study .
not very certain . at first i looked and did n't recognize any then he HAPAX out . not sure if i just DIS myself that he was in the pictures yesterday .
fairly certain . his features look familiar
not at all certain . i ca n't tell ! !
i 'm not . they look familiar and unfamiliar at the same time .
fairly . i do n't recognize any of the faces
quite . this face looks familiar
60 % certain . a few look familiar , but i do n't think they are the people i have seen so choosing not present .
fairly certain . kind of remember his face
extremely . there was a guy who looked like kenya west
i 'm very certain . the facial hair is distinct from the previous people .
not very certain . i can not recognize any features about these people .
i think i remember him .. the faces are beginning to look the same .
positive . i definitely remember him
fairly confident i did not see these faces . i did not recognize any of these faces at all
i am slight certain . i picked him because his ears and mouth shape seemed familiar
somewhat certain . the nose looks familiar
not sure . i ca n't be sure
i am not too sure . the page went sort of DIS but i think he may match
certain . i remembered this guys hair
mostly . do n't think i remember anyone here
almost certain . i saw him before
i 'm not certain i saw any of them . i do n't recall seeing any of them
some what certain . mi not sure if i remember seeing any of these faces
i 'm quite certain i saw him . his eyebrows are memorable .
i know none of these men were in the lineup . the hair style the men have i do not remember any of the men having it .
i am certain of my selection . no resemblance to earlier seen person .
not sure . facial features look familiar , HAPAX his beard style .
a HAPAX of the white males in the photos that DIS were smiling and had lighter hair . not one of these photos looks familiar .
unsure . i feel like i 'm getting more unsure with each lineup
i am slightly sure that i saw his face . i am not certain , but his face looks familiar as one i may have seen previously
maybe . hair
kind of . i think i remember his face but he might just remind me of someone i know
very certain . i do remember this face
i am pretty sure i saw him but i can not be certain .. the smile and non smile is what i am HAPAX very confusing .
i 'm 80 percent certain .. none of these look very familiar .
not certain . do n't recognize any of the faces
moderately certain .. seems like he was in the photos but not positive .
quite . no familiar faces
certain . these guys do n't look familiar .
very certain . i remember this guy 's facial hair and his face shape .
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
fairly sure . i remember thinking he looked like a HAPAX .
very certain . i remember that person
i think maybe it 's one of the guys . i think he has a kenya sort of HAPAX
i clearly remember him . i remember his beard .
fairly certain . all of these people have at least one distinct feature . i do not remember any of these yesterday .
pretty certain . i thought he looked like a HAPAX DIS
i am fairly certain . i know i saw him
not very . no one stands out
pretty sure . i remember his hair
pretty certain . i recognize the neck and cheekbones .
50 . i do not recognize any of these individuals
a little bit certain . he looks familiar , but i would n't bet on it .
font know . ok
25 % . i was told to
i 'm slightly certain . i 'm not completely certain
not certain . as the HAPAX go on i thought i 'd recognize at least one person but it seems that i do n't so i 'm second guessing everything
not certain . no one looks familiar .
fairly sure . none of these faces are familiar .
i 'm pretty certain .. i remember the mustache
i am pretty certain . none of the faces look familiar .
not at all certain . i vaguely remember the dude 's eyebrows
" mostly positive . i remember calling him " " tough guy " " "
very . do not recognize anyone .
pretty certain . i do n't remember seeing any of the faces shown
a little certain . something about this face is familiar to me
not positive . none look familiar
0 . do n't remember them
certain . i did n't see any of these faces
pretty . remember the goatee
a little . he looks a little familiar
his face looks familiar . i think ice seen him
i am certain i have not seen these faces before .. none of these photos stand out to me in my memory
not certain . none of the faces look particularly familiar
not very . because i do n't know
not very certain . this gentleman has eyes that look very similar to one of the previous pictures , but i had really only noticed the eyes in the pictures earlier
very unsure . i do not recognize any of the faces
kind of certain . they all look very unfamiliar .
i have no idea . i feel like all those guys look the same
at least half certain . i dint recognize anyone
not very . i think i remember his nose
very certain . no faces are familiar to me .
not very . i font know if i saw this person before or not
certain . i remember this one for sure
pretty sure . none are familiar .
i am certain . i did n't see any of these guys
do n't recognize anyone . none look familiar
50 percent certain . i remember a guy with very pretty eyes and short HAPAX hair like that
no idea . not sure
pretty confident . do n't recognize any faces
sort of . they all look the same
somewhat . not 100 % but nothing DIS when looking at the faces
not very certain . i do n't recall seeing any of them
not certain . because i 'm not certain
sort of certain ? . i do not recall any of these faces .
a little . one person looked a little familiar
maybe ? . i do n't remember seeing any of them
a little . i ca n't remember if i saw half these faces
very certain . he is not there .
fairly . no one seems familiar .
somewhat . no one looks familiar on on the list
slightly . i think i remember this guy , but maybe he was making a different face ?
about fifty / fifty . i do n't believe i 've seen any of them , but i would n't swear on it
looks familiar but not to certain . eye color and facial shape looks familiar
fairly certain . his hair and face shape looked familiar
very . i am beginning to believe none of these faces were in the lineup
i 'm not certain . i feel like i remember that pose , though
somewhat . looks slightly familiar
i 'm not certain at all , none of them look familiar . none of them look familiar .
certain . chin beard .
not very . his face looks familiar - is
remember seeing this guy . recognizable facial features , and haircut
the eyes look a little different but i am sure this was one of the photos . the eyes are familiar
the person had a different face . the person had a different face and upper DIS shape .
very . no one looks familiar .
quite . i am almost certain i did not see any of these faces .
certain . i am certain that i don't remember any of these guys
maybe . the eyebrows ? .
i am pretty certain . none of the faces look familiar
positive . looks like kenya west .
half certain . he seems familiar
some familiarity . the expression
slightly . i feel like i recognize the man i selected , but i 'm not certain it was him or just a similar facial feature .
pretty certain . do n't remember any of these .
mostly certain . i do not recognize anyone face
not very . i thought one of them looked familiar , but when another of them looked familiar i DIS i wast sure enough
i do n't recognize any of those men .. i tried to match the images to one that i saw and ca n't think of a match .
65 . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
pretty certain . i have n't seen these faces before .
50 % . told to
i am positive . the red HAPAX by the right lower lip .
half and half . i think i remember seeing him or someone similar yesterday
somewhat certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these people .
extremely certain . i had a best friend in high school that looked like this person so he was easy to remember .
most certain .. none of these guys ' face shapes and hair HAPAX look familiar .
pretty sure . do not remember any of the faces
sort of . no one looks familiar
very certain .. i recognize this one from the previous photos .
i am positive . i know i did not see any of these faces .
i am pretty sure i saw this kid smiling before .. i think i remember this face , but with a different expression .
not very certain . i did not recognize any of the faces .
DIS same guy as line up before word search . same chin and adams apple plus the DIS eyebrow HAPAX
not very certain but he looks familiar from yesterday but he was smiling then . the hair and the face are the same
not certain . font look familiar
positive . can not remember .
he looked familiar . i am almost certain i saw him slightly smiling in the group of photos .. black sweatshirt i think , only bottom teeth DIS .
very certain . i do not recognize any of them .
not certain . he seems familiar , but i 'm not sure .
i did not see anyone of these people in the slide show . i did not see any of these people because most of the people in the slide show all had blue eyes and blonde hair .
pretty certain . i remember hair like that on a person yesterday
very certain .. same look in his eyes with DIS head tilt
pretty . just no one is jumping out at me
somewhat . none of the faces look familiar
i 'm pretty certain about my response .. the features look similar to the ones i 've seen before .
no one looks familiar . i do n't recognize anyone
not very . none of these faces HAPAX to mind
slightly certain . i may have seen this man
not very certain . i think i remember his expression
fairly . do n't recognize anyone 's face
i am 100 % sure . . the face shape and face angle i am thinking of are not here .
very . looks very familiar
not sure at all .. i do n't remember the shape of head that these men seem to have in common .
extremely . did not see him
i am completely certain on seeing him in the slide show . i made the response above because i saw this face in the slide show earlier .
certain . looks like someone i know thatch how i remember
i think i remember seeing him . his mouth looks familiar
i 'm fairly certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
i 'm positive .. i remember his faro and his facial expression .
very uncertain but i think i have seen it . his nose
very . same as before
fairly certain . eyebrows and facial hair
fairly certain . looks somewhat familiar as to seeing this face earlier
the hair . thatch how i remember him
relatively . he seems familiar
a little . he just seems like i 've seen him before .
good . looks familiar
not really . not really sure , but i think i remember this face
pretty certain . i feel confident i saw the man on the lower right , because he has a distinctive mouth and jaw .
i am very certain . i have n't seen them before
i 'm pretty sure .. this man looks familiar and i remember his mouth in particular .
very . totally new set of guys
100 percent . his eyes looked familiar
not certain . i do n't recognize any faces
certain . maybe have seen him
certain . i remember his face
i think his face is familiar . his facial features are distinct
i 've very certain . i recognize his face and haircut
positive . he has a distinct face and it showed up often
somewhat sure . looks somewhat like someone i saw yesterday
certain . no one looks familiar
i am fairly certain . the shape of his face is familiar .
fairly sure . none of them look familiar .
somewhat certain . looks familiar
not certain at all . his eyes and face shape stand out but his clothing and hair style do not match my memory
very sure . have n't seen any of these faces before .
i 'm not very certain .. i tried to remember features , his hairline , and HAPAX face i recall from the line up .
certain . the pose of the HAPAX that is now different makes me wonder
not sure . font remember all that well
pretty certain . i do n't recall seeing these faces before .
i am fairly certain . no one in this lineup seems familiar to me .
not at all . i ca n't be sure
not HAPAX certain . i remember the hair but not the beard
pretty certain . recognize
not at all . out of DIS i do n't recognize anyone
absolutely certain . he looked funny .
the do n't look familiar . i do n't remember them
i am almost completely certain that i have seen none of them before . they all appear quite distinct that i could easily recall if i had seen them before . though the bottom right one seems vaguely familiar .
positive . i remember his DIS being distinctive ( asymmetrical )
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
slightly certain . he looks familiar
in almost positive no one in here has been seen . i font remember any of them
a little certain . i ca n't recall seeing any of them previously .
pretty sure . none of these faces look familiar
he looks familiar . he looks like i have seen him before
very certain . i definitely saw the guy in the bottom middle . his facial hair HAPAX it away .
the face seems a little familiar i 'm about 20 % confident . the hair and HAPAX face look familiar as do the eyes
fairly certain . he looks like a wide HAPAX and i remember a picture of another man who looked like a wide HAPAX .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
unsure . i ca n't remember all the faces
certain . do n't recall the faces
certain . i did see this man yesterday
positive . all of these faces are new , none of them were from the ones that were shown previously .
certain . remember the weird goatee
do not recognize any of the face . do not know anyone above
50/50 . looks somewhat similar but not entirely sure
certain . facial shape , hair , facial hair , lip shape and eyes .
sort of certain . his ear and face shape seems familiar , but i 'm not sure about the nose and hair .
i 'm so so . not very certain . the eyes seem familiar to me , they are distinct .
totally . i saw him
i am not completely sure .. again this face looks kind of familiar but part of me does n't think so .
certain . he looks very familiar
fairly sure . i do n't think i 've seen any of these men before .
certain . facial hair was what i recognized .
somewhat . his head shape
i am fairly certain that no one in these photos was here . i HAPAX i just do n't think they were present .
moderately . i feel like he looks familiar
fairly . i do n't remember any of these faces .
pretty certain . i think i remember seeing his face
i am very certain that this person was previously witnessed . i remember his face .
i am extremely uncertain . because i HAPAX used DIS of DIS , i ca n't be sure if any of them were there or not ... his just feels the most familiar
looks the same just different facial hair . mi pretty certain
i think this is the same guy as the picture of the man with the necklace . his eyebrows stand out
i am pretty certain this guy is one from yesterday 's photos . the nose and mouth shape were DIS
i think i saw him from before . i think yesterday when i saw the pictures he looked HAPAX . this time he does not look as DIS but i still think i saw him from before .
not very certain . i did n't recognize any of them but i 'm not sure
somewhat . do n't recognize any of them .
uncertain . i do n't recognize anyone
i do n't see anyone familiar . none of these men look familiar
quite certain . i could say he 's one of the persons i saw , i would bet on it
very . because mi not sure and would HAPAX to pick the wrong one
looks familiar . feels like i saw his picture before
not certain at all . . i just have a guy feeling that i have seen this person before .
somewhat . feel like recognize that one but not really sure
50 . i font remember any of those faces
i 'm not certain , but i do n't remember seeing any of them . i do n't recognize anyone 's face
fairly . he was in the line up
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them
not certain . they all look the same
i remember this man . i recognize this face
in confident this is one . his facial features and facial hair .
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i have not see these faces previously .
certain . he s not there
i think i may have seen him smiling , but i can not be certain .. i am really not sure HAPAX he is not smiling and he was in the original picture .
somewhat . a couple look a little familiar but i do not think they were pictured yesterday
almost certain . . i remember thinking this guy looked like kenya .
i 'm fairly certain that i saw this person before .. i recall the expression and angle of the camera .
not certain . his ears look familiar
these men do n't have particularly memorable features .. difficult to tell because they are all plain .
i 'm somewhat certain about this .. this man looks a bit familiar , but i 'm not entirely sure .
semi certain . his nose size looks familiar
i 'm not very certain but i believe i recognize the DIS mouth and lips . he looks familiar . his lips and mouth .
certain . i remember that face
i 'm a little certain . again , some faces look a little familiar but not enough for me to say i 've actually seen them .
mostly certain . none of the faces , particularly facial structure , looked familiar .
i do n't recognize any of the faces in the line , so i am pretty sure i am right . i do n't recognize any of the faces
i am 50 % certain .. his face is most familiar .
font know . unsure
somewhat certain . eyes and eyebrows .
i do n't recognize anybody familiar .... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i do n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
kind of certain . his eyes seemed familiar , but i 'm not sure
very certain . i remember the hair .
10 % . told to
almost positive . i remember thinking that he looked kind of HAPAX and DIS what he could have HAPAX to go to HAPAX .
not too sure . i think vie seen him before
i 'm somewhat certain i saw him .. i feel like i recognize his face from yesterday .
fairly certain . the eyes and hair match up to what i can recall
somewhat . i think i saw him before
not certain . do n't recognize any of the faces
uncertain . unsure if i saw any of these faces
pretty sure . i do not remember seeing any of these faces
30 % certain . the eyes look familiar
i am sure that i have not seen any of these before . they have strong characteristics
i 'm somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these guys .
i 'm certain .. i remember thinking he looked like kenya west .
uncertain . the faces that DIS yesterday were very DIS and i am not really sure what i remember
i do n't recognize them .. looked at them and no one seem familiar .
slightly certain . i believe i saw him yesterday , but it may have been from a previous lineup today .
fairly . do n't recall these people
certain . i do n't remember any of these guys , but they could have been in previous pictures .
somewhat . i think i recognize him
positive . i remember the hair cut
not terribly certain . looks like the man from previous slide
very certain . i definitely remember his facial hair and eyes .
i am certain . . the guy i am thinking of looked kind of like kenya west and none of these men do here .
HAPAX sure . i remember the hair and eye shape
slightly . his face feels familiar , and so does his haircut .
unfamiliar . don think ice seen them .
i do not remember these men . none of these men look familiar .
uncertain . not sure on this
semi . eyes seem familiar
kind of sure .. because he seems familiar , yet i 'm not absolutely certain .
fairly certain . the hair and eyes and shape of head seem familiar
i am not very certain about these faces . the faces do not trigger any response
not sure at all . none
in pretty sure i dint see these guys . they look unfamiliar
pretty . font recognize any .
kinda certain . eyebrows
very . saw him many times
pretty sure i dint see any of these . see above answer !
not exactly certain . everyone wearing the same DIS does n't DIS
in about HAPAX % certain . the person has a dark complexion and diff head shape to the other pictured above .
somewhat certain . the face looks familiar
i am only a little certain . his face looks familiar however he had a different shirt yesterday
i am very certain that this person was previously witnessed . i remember his face and beard .
i have n't a clue . the faces look too similar for me to say .
i am hardly sure at all . his face DIS seems familiar and his eyes stand out as ones i have seen before .
i 'm not sure if i saw him or not . his HAPAX face looks kinda familiar
kind of confident i did n't see any .. i think it may be because of the time since seeing the faces . its hard to remember the features now .
i am very certain .. i do not recognize any of these faces so i 'm certain .
very certain . his haircut and face shape are the same . he looks just like one of the men from before .
fairly certain . none feel familiar
somewhat . the hair
not too certain . i do n't really remember any of these .
i feel fairly confident but not absolutely certain . a lot of the white men in the photos yesterday looked pretty similar
certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these gentleman previously
none of them . font see anyone familiar
i am mostly certain .. this face seems familiar but it may be because he resembles someone i actually know .
i am only a little certain .. none of the faces look familiar .
i 'm barely certain , they 're all similar . . i remember a white man that looked similar to the photo i chose .
pretty certain . he looks familiar
very . remember
somewhat certain . font recognize any details .
i think i recognize his facial hair and his hairline . i think i recognize his facial hair and his hairline .
pretty certain i do n't remember any of these faces . nothing recognizable
i 'm fairly certain it is not present .. the features of these people do not resemble anything i 've seen .
none look familiar . none look familiar
fairly certain . do not remember seeing any of them .
i am somewhat certain .. i think i saw this person .
none of these faces look familiar . this is hard ! none of these faces look familiar
pretty certain . he looks familiar
not very certain . i 'm not sure if i saw this face
kind of . hair , long chin .
fairly sure . none of the facial hair looks familiar .
pretty . this person had HAPAX lighter skin and recognizable facial / head hair .
i remember the one with the lighter skin , and his picture DIS up a few times . not really sure . i just remember seeing it a few times last night
he kind of looks familiar . just his DIS face
very certain . i remember his face
kind of certain . really not sure on this one , but i think this gentleman 's face looks similar enough to a previous HAPAX that it could be the same person but i am just not sure .
really certain . do n't recognize any of those faces .
positive . i remembered his face because he looks like a friend .
i 'm quite confident . i believe he was smiling when i saw him yesterday
very . it was one of the faces that showed many times so i remember it .
somewhat certain . i think i saw the person before , not i am not sure
slightly familiar . he has distinctive eyes and a distinctive mouth . he seems somewhat familiar .
i am fairly certain i 've seen him . he first DIS my eye of being familiar
fairly but not positively sure . i do n't recognize any of these faces
not confident . i do n't remember any specific faces .
somewhat certain . i am pretty sure i remember seeing this face
fairly certain . none of these faces look familiar
80 % certain . this guy 's eyes and HAPAX face and long nose really , really looks like a guy from the initial slide show .
i 'm HAPAX sure .. that particular face is familiar to me . i strongly believe i saw him in the lineup .
half way certain . his face looks like one of the ones i saw previously
positive . don remember seeing any of these people
certain . i am certain
90 . i font remember any of these faces
i am not that certain .. my memory is already HAPAX me . face seems similar , but i am not sure .
pretty certain . this guy reminds me of my cousin , and i think he was present several times in the beginning .
he just looks familiar , i have no clue why , so i 'm not very certain . . he just looks familiar
fairly certain . i remember his odd expression .
not very . he looks familiar ,
maybe . had a different look
not very certain . they are all looking up and have similar noses .
none of them look familiar , but i am very unsure . i DIS do n't know if any of them were in the previous line up
pretty sure . i definitely do n't have any specific memory of seeing any of these faces .
certain . i 've seen him before .
none of the faces look familiar . i do not feel i have seen any of these faces before
very certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them before
not certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
somewhat certain . looks like a guy on a previous photo smiling .
sort of certain . do n't recognize the faces .
do n't see anyone familiar . i font notice any traits .
certain . no one is the same guy
fairly . do n't recognize anyone 's face
i am positive . i did not see any of these faces .
somewhat certain . font recall faces
half certain . he just HAPAX to look really familiar .
pretty certain . i do n't think that i saw any of these guys .
80 % not present . i feel like i do n't see the people from earlier .
fairly certain . none look familiar .
40 % sure , not entirely sure , but this person looks similar . hair and forehead , looks similar but not sure
i am only a little certain i saw this person , . i face seems vaguely familiar to me .
i am not certain at all .. i do n't recognize any of these faces .
pretty sure . i do n't remember seeing these faces yesterday
fairly sure . i do n't recognize anyone here .
i am not positive i have seen any of these men . none look familiar to me .
mostly certain . font recall face
not very . he looked familiar but i am not certain .
i am not very certain at all .. although i tried to watch HAPAX before , i do not think i HAPAX remember very well .
i 'm not certain at all . the faces all seem new but as this test HAPAX on i 'm getting less confident in my DIS
pretty certain i have n't seen any . one guy looks familiar , but i ca n't be confident enough to pick him
very . they font look familiar .
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these people .
i do n't recall . i do n't recall any of these men specifically
somewhat sure . the face i selected looked the most familiar
very . i remembered his facial hair .
i am moderately certain . one man looks kind of familiar , but not certain . i can not say with certainty that i have seen any of these men .
certain . i font recall any of these faces .
extremely . i know i saw that face
not very certain .. looks familiar but ca n't HAPAX decide if this is the exact individual from before .
pretty sure again . font recognize those faces
somewhat . recognizable facial features
very . recognized the face
fairly positive . looks familiar
fairly certain . face looks familiar
i am fairly certain . none of them spark a memory at all .
fairly certain . he looks similar to the HAPAX picture
not certain . he kind of looks familiar .
i know i saw this man . i remember seeing him in a blue plaid shirt .
not very certain . i am not positive i saw him
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys . i could be wrong though .
i do not recognize any of these combinations of facial features . same as above
fairly certain . i do n't recognize anyone , and i 'm fairly confident none were in the lineup
seems familiar . looks kinda like someone
i 'm not sure .... i think i recognize his haircut ...
absolutely positive . his face DIS jumped out to me .
fairly certain . i am pretty sure i saw this face before .
i 'm not . i do n't remember any of these people .
extremely . did not see him
fairly certain .. i do n't remember any of the above faces .
i am pretty certain . i remember his jaw line . i remember his jaw line and facial hair .
maybe . i think it could be him
not very . i font remember seeing any of these people
not certain . i think he looks familiar .
i am very certain . i remember his wide face
totally certain . i remember this persons eyes and hair .
very accurate . i remember his hair sticking up
pretty certain . the shape of the face , the facial hair .
not at all . i do n't recognize their faces .
not certain . looks a bit familiar
a little certain . he looks a little familiar
about half certain . i think i saw someone similar but ca n't be certain
i am quite certain . i saw this guy before , but he was smiling and wearing a black shirt
very certain . very certain i have seen him before
i 'm maybe 80 % sure .. no one in this lineup has the facial features of anyone from the slide show .
fairly . none look familiar
above average . none look familiar .
somewhat . his face looks familiar but the lighting and no smile made it hard
totally sure . i thought he was cute
not at all . i do n't remember any of these faces
not certain at all . his face looks the most familiar out of the HAPAX
i feel like i 'm close to 100 percent certain . none of them look familiar
i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces .. i feel confident about saying i 'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before .
i am pretty certain . he looks very familiar .
no very . i am not that confident in my selection
fairly certain . i think i saw him
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
not very certain . i do not remember any of these faces .
moderately . thick neck and DIS features
not very certain . i ca n't remember this one as clearly
100 . i remember the hair
somewhat . his face looks familiar
somewhat certain . seem to recognize the lips .
i am certain . i remember thinking he has an intense look about him .
not certain . no one looked familiar .
certain . eye shape and position , skin color , facial expression , adams apple .
moderately . i think some look familiar , but they were on an earlier question
50 percent . i do n't recognize any of their features .
not too certain . none of these men look familiar enough to me to make that call . there was nothing distinguishable in their faces that i recall from yesterday .
pretty certain . i think i recall seeing that face
certain . i font recall any of these faces .
i 'm not 100 % , i think the hair style is different .. the face looks familiar but the hair is different , maybe ?
i 'm not very certain .. the hairstyle looks familiar to me .
somewhat . crooked face
i am fairly certain i have n't seen any of those men .. i do n't remember seeing anyone who looks like the men above .
kinda certain . none of the faces look familiar
i 'm pretty certain . no one looks familiar
fairly certain . looks familiar
i am pretty sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't believe i have seen the faces before .
moderately certain i 've seen that face before .. haircut and facial features look familiar .
100 % sure . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
very . he was in the lineup .
not certain . i think it is really hard to tell with black people
pretty sure . i do n't remember seeing any of them .
kinda . he looks familiar to me . not sure if i know someone similar or if i remember him from the sideshow though
pretty certain .. i think i remember seeing him .
totally . recall that face .
not very . one looks a little familiar
not very certain . i know someone who looks like the guy i selected , so i 'm not sure if that is why he looks familiar .
completely positive . i was shown this image .
kinda sure . he looks familiar
i am quite uncertain . i feel like the face is familiar but can not be certain
looks HAPAX familiar to a face in the slide show . i 'd say i 'm 50 % sure . maybe 60 .. his eyes and mouth look a lot like one of the guys in the initial slide show .
i do n't recognize anyone . no one looks familiar
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
not very certain but he looks familiar . his face shape and mouth remind me of a previous picture .
probably . looks familiar
not certain . i think i have seen him before
fairly certain . none look familiar
pretty certain . because i do not recognize any of these faces at all
i do not recognize these faces at all . fairly certain .. none of the facial structures match my memory
do n't HAPAX seeing any of these faces . because i do n't remember these faces
mostly . none of the faces stand out to me
not certain . the eyes and nose ,
not really certain . i just do n't remember
somewhat certain . i did n't even vaguely recognize any of them
very certain . i font remember any of these faces from the line up .
pretty . this one was pretty easy i do n't remember seeing anyone that looks DIS close to above .
i feel confident i did n't see any of them .. the ones i saw had different hair styles
not sure . think i remember that face
not certain . do n't remember
very certain . because i 've never seen any of these faces .
i am pretty certain this person was present . his eyes and head shape
i 'm a little certain . he looks familiar .
fairly certain . no faces are familiar to me .
fairly sure . his eyes remind me of one of the guys i saw
not certain at all . it 's hard for me to say because i feel like while these men may have been in photos yesterday their DIS are different .
not positive . one guy looks familiar , but i do n't think its the same one .
i am not sure at all . these guys do n't look familiar at all , but i could be wrong too .
very certain .. i remember a man with an faro , but none of these guys look like the man i saw .
not very sure .. he looks familiar , but i would not be HAPAX to say i 'm certain .
not very . just went with the one looking straight DIS , to be honest .
pretty certain . no one looks familiar
not certain .. i ca n't remember these faces .
i did not see these men . i do n't recall these faces .
not very certain . none of these faces look familiar and it 's even harder to know after seeing all the other lineups .
extremely . i remember him
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of them .
i 'm pretty sure . he looks very familiar and i picked him out pretty DIS . i think i 've seen him before .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize the faces above .
not too sure . his face seemed slightly familiar .
not very . not sure
semi . none look familiar
very . none are standing out as people i recognize
certain . i do not see anyone i had seen previously
pretty sure . the goatee , eye color .
i 'm rather certain that none of these men were in the initial slide show ; maybe 75 % .. no one in the slide show had facial characteristics of anyone in this lineup .
not very . he looks the most familiar .
very . i remember the haircut
in not confident . i think i remember seeing someone who looked like him but not DIS
a little . i think i remember his smile , but i 'm not confident about it .
fairly . i do n't recognize the face
somewhat . looks similar to an image i saw
unsure . someone had similar eyes but i font know if its the same person
i am absolutely certain about this one . i remember this guy 's face clearly . in my head , i said that this guy looked like a HAPAX kenya west and this man clearly does
somewhat . his face feels familiar .
i am 100 % certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of the above faces in lineup .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys in the lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
pretty certain i saw him .. i 'm certain i saw his face yesterday .
pretty certain . i recognize the hair
i am fairly sure that i 've seen this face before . he looks pretty familiar , while the others do not .
absolutely . none of these looked remotely familiar .
i am very certain . i remember how his hair looked .
not certain . i think he looks familiar .
i think i might have seen this guy . . the eyes seem familiar .
pretty certain . nobody stood out . facial expressions could HAPAX me wrong too .
pretty certain . looks familiar .
moderately certain . i remember most of the white people as being blonde
somewhat certain . one looks slightly familiar
i am not very certain .. i think he or someone who looks similar to him was in the picture before .. he looks familiar , his brown hair .
semi certain . none of these guys look familiar to me
not very certain .. the size and shape of the nose look familiar .
very certain . i remember his haircut
not at all certain . they 're starting to look the same , and i really have no memory of any of them
i am pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of these guys .
entirely sure .. memorable features . stands out from the others . i recall seeing him in the previous lineup .
40 . his haircut looks familiar to me .
zero . they look the same
pretty sure although not 100 % . i picked him out DIS so i am pretty sure he was one of them .
80 . none of these faces look the DIS bit familiar to me .
very . was n't there
i remember his HAPAX head . his DIS hair !
reasonably certain . do n't recognize any of them .
i 'm fairly sure i 'm right but not very confident .. i remember the hairstyle the one gentleman had in the original but i do n't remember the face
certain . shape of his face .
kind of . not positive
totally . i recall seeing him
not certain . these faces seem unfamiliar .
pretty certain . font see anyone
certain . his hair , nose , and eyes .
none of the faces seem familiar to me .. i do n't remember seeing anyone of them before .
very . i just remember the face
certain . not recognizing any faces .
not certain at all .. none of the faces look really familiar , but i ca n't really tell .
he looks pretty familiar . i think i remember him by his beard cut
he looks like someone who was smiling earlier .. the haircut is familiar .
half and half . i think i remember his eyes in the photos .
i am certain i saw this person yesterday . i do remember seeing this persons picture yesterday
i am a little certain .. the mans face looks a little familiar .
i 'm pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
pretty certain . i remember the shape of his chin
i 'm not certain at all in my response . i do n't recognize anyone in the lineup above
mostly certain . no one looks familiar
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of those men .
certain . none look familiar .
i am 20 % certain . . i am pretty sure i remember the goatee and the eyes of this individual .
fairly certain . i think i saw him before
no clue . i picked not present cause i have no idea
uncertain . don remember any of the faces .
somewhat . he looks like someone i have been based off of the facial expression
i am not absolutely certain but his eyes and eyebrows seem familiar . he may look like someone i know in real life
certain . seen him before
totally certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
fairly confident . i do n't recognize any of the faces
this guy was from yesterday for sure . he has the same nose and mouth
not too certain . i ca n't remember any of them
pretty certain . no one looks familiar to me
i think i saw that man .. he looks familiar , though his facial expression is different .
certain . looks sort of familiar .
fairly . hair and eyes
pretty certain this time . i liked his face when i saw him before
i am somewhat certain . i think his clothing and hair have been changed if it is him .
iffy . i think i recognize him .
fairly certain . hair , facial hair , and eyes .
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
not at all . this one has me HAPAX
not very certain . i feel that my selection look vaguely familiar .
certain . i do n't recognize them .
i am 100 % certain .. never saw any of those faces .
i think i would remember these faces . i am mostly confident the answer is no . most of these faces are kind of memorable , none of them look like any of the men i remember seeing .
not very . i have a vague feeling that i saw this person , but it is not strong
90 percent . memory
mi pretty sure . i made this choice because mi pretty sure i saw him , none of the others look familiar but he does
certain .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
not very . no distinguishing features
not certain . i do n't recall any faces
i 'm not very certain . his facial structure looks familiar , but i ca n't be too sure .
i am not certain . i HAPAX picked this person
not very certain . this face looks at little bit familiar as a whole
kinda sure . i font see anything that DIS a memory
i am very certain . i 've never seen these faces before .
i am quite certain .. he look very familiar .
i am pretty sure the face is not present because none look familiar . none of them look familiar , so i am pretty sure i have the right answer
a little certain . i do n't remember any of the faces from before .
positive . i do n't recognize
somewhat certain . i do n't remember anyone like the one 's shown , but a couple i 'm not completely sure
not very . did you change all their shirts ?
14 % . 1/7 DIS guess
unsure . not certain
mi fairly sure . i font recall seeing any of the faces
not very certain . no one sticks out to me as being familiar
certain . he is not here .
semi certain . looks familiar to me
i 'm about 60 % certain . . i remember the hair style from yesterday .
could be ? . not certain
certain . no ones face looks familiar .
not very . i do n't remember any of these faces
fairly certain . i believe i saw this face yesterday , but not certain .
somewhat . do n't see
unsure . i ca n't be sure i recognize any of these
extremely certain . i do not remember any of these guys at all .
fairly . seemed familiar .
DIS than half . i think i remember this guy , but only because he 's attractive .
slightly certain . might n't seen one , but not sure enough to click on them .
very certain . no one is smiling here
font remember any . unsure
i 'm not very sure .. i 'm HAPAX between a couple of the people in the pictures being maybe persons i 've seen before , but i 'm really unsure .
very . i 've seen him
not at all certain . i do n't remember
again , familiar face but not certain . i ca n't be sure but feel like i 've seen the face before
partially certain . i believe i remember him
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
not at all certain . unsure of this guy
a little over 60 % . all others look photo DIS
not very certain . something about his face shape seems familiar
not very . i ca nt tell
do n't believe i saw these faces . none of the above faces HAPAX
not very . they do n't look familiar
i am fairly sure i did not see any of these gentlemen in the lineup . i feel that i did not see any of these faces
i do n't recognize any of them . none of them look familiar
somewhat . none look familiar
i am certain of this choice .. this guy looks very familiar in DIS to the others . his facial expression made me remember him .
completely . his hair
pretty certain . i am think i saw the person before , but not sure
almost positive . he reminded me of a DIS player that i used to know .
i think that he does look familiar . i think that he is probably one of the faces i saw .
pretty sure . i remember this face .
not very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
not too certain . i do n't recognize any of them but i could be HAPAX someone 's face from earlier .
no idea . could n't recognize a person there .
not very certain . the dark , thick eyebrows look familiar
somewhat . do n't see them
i am a little certain i saw him .. he looks very familiar .
fairly certain . none of these faces seem familiar
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of them .
i do n't believe i have seen any of these people . i do n't remember any of their faces .
i think i saw this one . i 'm really not sure , something about his face and hair .
very certain . i do n't recognize them at all
i am HAPAX iffy on this one .. this man and the DIS man look kinda familiar .
100 % . he was wearing a DIS shirt before
mostly certain . facial features and hair are similar to someone i saw earlier .
certain . do n't remember any of them
i do n't remember these men .. i do n't remember seeing them and their faces are not looking familiar .
very certain . i font recognize anyone .
a little certain . hair style , shape of the jaw look familiar .
i know i saw this one . i HAPAX on face shape , and thought he DIS someone i know
very certain . he looks like someone i know
nobody here looks familiar . i can not recognize anyone
i 'm somewhat certain about this .. i recognize features of this face , DIS as the eyes and chin .
very certain . his hair , skin color , and facial hair .
pretty certain .. i do not remember any of these faces .
somewhat sure . i remember a face that looked similar to this face and skin tone
not certain . not familiar .
eh . kinda .. i remember one individual in line - up with HAPAX - out ear .
i 'm almost certain this guy was in the previous lineup . even though he 's not smiling , i do remember his haircut and facial hair .
quite sure . i recognize him
very . i do n't recognize any of these faces
i am pretty sure there is no one in the line up from yesterday . i do not recognize any of the faces
no clue . do n't remember any of them
no doubt . middle HAPAX dude with faro is DIS .
moderately certain . i think i remember his eyes and nose .
very certain . his nose , small ears and head HAPAX
mostly . . no features DIS distinctive to make sure .
not positive . the white faces are really starting to blur together
uncertain . i do n't recognize anyone
a little certain . i do n't remember see any of these faces yesterday
i do n't recognize any of the people . . i 'm not certain enough that i recognize any of the people pictured to say they are present .
i think that this was one of the original images .. the facial features seem familiar to me .
not sure . HAPAX look stands out .
pretty certain . he looks familiar
very . i do n't remember any of these faces .
certain . none of these faces look familiar
not very certain . the DIS picture going from top left to bottom right looks familiar but not too familiar
somewhat certain . recognize face structure
not sure . i do n't really remember them
i am about half certain on this one .. i think i remember his hair and square chin .
i am very certain . the eyebrows stick out , along with the lack of expression .
i would say 50 % . i do n't remember any of the faces .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces the face structure is wrong
fairly . looks similar
i font remember any of them . they do not look any i saw yesterday
not certain at all . no one stands out . they all look a little familiar
i 'm not sure if he was in the previous photos .. i do not know if i saw this photo before , but i may have .
i am fairly DIS . they all look new
i 'm really not certain .. the faces do n't look familiar but i could have HAPAX something .
i am certain i saw this face yesterday .. eyes and facial hair stand out to me on this face .
certain . this is not someone present yesterday
i 'm mostly sure , but i could be wrong . his eyes and hair seem to look like the other guy from earlier .
it 's about 50/50 with this group .. i do n't recognize any of these faces , but i could easily be mistaken .
very certain . it 's the same face , nose , ears eyes and mouth .
not certain . ca n't remember
not sure . do not remember any of these faces .
positive ! . i definitely remember seeing this face ( and the person has a very striking eye color )
i 'm not sure . i do n't remember these men
pretty sure . i 'm pretty sure i saw the man in this picture yesterday
i am fairly certain . i do n't remember noticing any of them HAPAX their facial hair .
not very certain . i think i see him
certain . none of these men look familiar
some . do n't see anyone
not sure on this one , but pretty sure . looks familiar .
not certain . his face looks slightly more familiar than the rest
not positive . these guys do n't look to familiar , but it could just be the angle , lighting , etc
pretty . i do not remember them
fairly certain .. i do n't think i remember any of those faces .
mi not too sure . nothing looks familiar
i recognized the eyes . i remember how well those blue eyes stood out with his blue shirt he was wearing before .
not very sure . eyes and hair style seem familiar .
i am very certain i saw this face . the face DIS stuck out to me and i remember seeing this face quite a few times
absolutely positive . i clearly remember seeing that man yesterday
not certain . no one seems familiar .
i am about 50 % certain . . he kind of looks familiar .
positive . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
very certain . . i thought he looked HAPAX like , he had a different expression before .
i am certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
somewhat certain . facial expression
pretty certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys in the lineup
pretty certain . i do n't recognize anyone
uncertain . do not recall seeing these faces
kinda . HAPAX of faces
i 'm uncertain .. some of them look similar . but , none of them look close enough to me .
pretty certain . he looks familiar to me .
a little certain .. the hair is familiar .
pretty certain . the hairline and overall facial features appear to match one of the previous pictures .
i 'm fairly certain .. no one look familiar .
i recall seeing his face yesterday in the previous HAPAX of the hit . his face was shown three times previously
not at all . i swear i DIS at the set of faces at the beginning ! ! ! but i do n't recognize any of these people .
i am very certain . i recognized the hair cut
near certain . i 'm pretty sure i 've seen him at this point
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
very certain . looks similar to kenya
pretty certain . remember a guy in a white t - shirt that looked like him
pretty sure . do n't look familiar
not completely certain just going off gut instinct right now .. i 'm pretty sure the individuals eyes look familiar but i do n't know if i 'm HAPAX something else .
not too certain . i really was unsure
i remember his expression . i based it on his expression
pretty sure . i feel like all the white guys were kinda DIS looking or had really blue eyes or both , but i do n't remember any of these
fairly certain . one has ears but the rest of the face seemed wrong
he looks familiar , but i 'm not 100 % certain . his face looks like one i saw yesterday
i am fairly certain .. i recognize his expression .
fairly certain . DIS DIS .
in about zero . they all look the same
i am very certain .. i know that i saw this person in the lineup yesterday .
not certain . do n't recall these faces
none of the people look familiar . i just font think any of them look familiar
sort of . i feel like i remember this guys face , but who HAPAX . it 's DIS when the DIS is from the same angle with the same clothes / lighting .
very certain i do n't remember . no recognition
not sure . i do n't think i recognize any
not certain . i think this is the smiling guy but not sure
none look like someone i saw . i do n't recognize any of these men .
pretty sure . same eyes and facial hair pattern .
definitely . that 's the guy i saw .
very uncertain . i do n't specifically recognize anyone , but i am very confident
i do not remember any of these faces . i do not remember any of these faces
not very certain . he looks somewhat familiar
very little . HAPAX looks different but recognize some characteristics
not really certain . i do n't recognize any of these men .
none look familiar . none look familiar
pretty . no features jump out as familiar .
pretty certain . i do n't think any person had this style haircut or shaped head .
i am slightly sure about him . he looks a little familiar
i am fairly certain . because his facial features seem familiar
i do n't remember these faces . . i can not see anything familiar about these faces .
i do n't think i saw any of these guys yesterday . i 'm pretty sure none of these guys were there yesterday
not at all . hairline and face shape looks familiar
very . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am pretty sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
certain . i have n't seen them .
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of them
i am a little bit certain . i think he has distinctive eyes that i remember seeing .
i do n't recall these faces . . no one looks familiar .
very . slight faro and beard DIS HAPAX with the lighter skin and small nose .
i do n't think i saw any of them .. it is hard to tell , but i did n't see them
certain . do not recognize any of these faces .
i am very certain . i have never seen any of these men before .
i 'm not certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
not very . i think he looks familiar
not at all . they all look the same
fairly certain , though top left / HAPAX 1 looks familiar too . none of the other faces look familiar , but the bottom right definitely does , though the top left might .
i am very certain of this man .. i made a mental note of his hair and eyes .
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
moderately certain . i 'm pretty sure i recognize this guy
50 . i think i remember seeing this guy .
kind of .. this face kind of looks familiar .
very . i remember the smile
not very certain . i think i remember a nose looking like that
i am fairly certain that i have not seen any HAPAX these faces before .. no one looks familiar in these pictures .
not certain . they all look the same , so i do n't know
very certain i have never seen these people before . none of these people have the features i saw earlier
pretty sure . remember seeing a black person in a maroon shirt .
very certain , but not completely certain . . he just looks extremely familiar . no specific features stand out .
i 'm not very certain . my mind is HAPAX me he kind of looks familiar , but i 'm not very sure .
a little . none of the other faces are familiar at all
pretty certain .. none of them seem familiar , they all seem unfamiliar .
ca nt remember any of these . mi really confused
pretty certain . the eyes look similar to someone i saw yesterday , so i am pretty certain it is the same guy
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them
he looks familiar . his faro and lips look familiar to a face seen last night
mostly . no one looks familiar
mostly certain . i remember his hairline and his jaw line , however , he has a somewhat generic look , so i 'm not 100 % sure
positive .. nose is distinctive
not sure . font remember them
a little certain nobody looks familiar . i do n't recognize anyone
not very . i do n't remember any of these men
i 'm pretty certain about this response . . i saw a guy with the same face previously .
i am about 80 percent certain i have seen this face .. pretty confident but not 100 percent .
slightly . nose .
very . font recognize
i do not recognize these , so i 'm very certain . i am certain because none of them seem to have facial features / expression i recognize
i 'm fairly certain . i do not recognize the faces and i may be confusing them now with previous questions HAPAX for DIS .
less certain . i do n't specifically recognize anyone above , but i 'm not certain .
slightly certain . not totally sure
mi pretty sure . looks familiar
not very sure . i do n't remember any of the faces but not sure
not very , nobody here immediately DIS my memory . i think i remember seeing him , but definitely not positive
very certain .. i remember his hair style and eyes .
not very certain . the facial expression may look familiar , but not sure about face
somewhat . i do recall seeing this person before .
sort of . do not recognize anyone
very unsure . i am starting to think this is a HAPAX , as nobody seems familiar so far
certain . i have seen him before
somewhat sure . the hair looks familiar .
unsure . difficult to remember the faces
somewhat . the blue eyes , goatee , and structure are standing out .
very certain . i do n't see any familiar faces .
certain . same hair and nose structure .
not too certain . i thought i saw this guy
moderately certain . none of these pictures look familiar
pretty certain . none of these faces look familiar
uncertain . none of them look familiar
very certain . none of these faces are familiar .
i am a little certain .. i do not recognize any of the images .
fairly certain .. he looks familiar , but i was also HAPAX their clothes ! you guys HAPAX me ! HAPAX
DIS the haircut changed HAPAX , i did not see these guys . i saw a similar guy , but his haircut was different .
no very . shape of head
somewhat certain . i remember the hair in the between his eyebrows .
i can recall him somewhat . the shirts throw me off
not very . ca n't remember
kind of . a couple faces look very slightly familiar .
i am fairly confident but not positive .. i do n't remember seeing any of them .
i 'm pretty sure about this one , i remember the HAPAX eyes and the HAPAX of one guy . . i vaguely remember a guy who i thought looked like a HAPAX HAPAX .
" low to HAPAX certainty . the guy i picked reminds me of the " " HAPAX able " " guy from before . looks less HAPAX able now . ( i do not HAPAX HAPAX ) "
unsure . looks similar but ca n't find exact match
very certain . clearly remember his face
i 'm mildly certain . i think that he was in it before , but i 'm not sure . . so , i remember a guy with that facial hair and head HAPAX . but i 'm not sure .
80 % . mi pretty sure
fairly certain . none look familiar .
i am pretty certain . HAPAX not recognize any of these faces
certain . remembered facial hair .
somewhat . i think i remember his face and hair
pretty certain . eyes
very certain . making same facial expression
in slightly certain .. i 'm slightly certain because that face was in the lineup previously i think .
not at all certain , i 'd HAPAX on the side of slight familiarity while the other guys just seem like DIS .. honestly this guy looks more familiar to me while the other guys do n't , he jumped out while the other guys do n't at all . i DIS mainly on the eyes .
very . the face .
i 'm only a little sure i saw this face . i think i remember the beard .
i am somewhat certain . the face looks a little familiar HAPAX the ones i saw previously
somewhat uncertain . some features are familiar but i ca n't say for sure if i 've seen him before .
fairly certain . i do n't recall this face
uncertain . i do n't recognize anybody here but i 'm starting to doubt myself ! .
a little certain .. none look like i 've seen them before .
i am fairly certain i did n't see any of these faces yesterday .. none of them look familiar to me .
pretty certain . the selected person looks familiar to me .
very certain . i am certain
not certain . font remember seeing any of these faces
not positive at all . one man looks a little familiar , but i 'm not certain
very certain . i remember thinking this gentleman has a similar jawline to a celebrity
fairly positive . does n't look familiar
not . not
only somewhat certain . i do n't recall any of these faces specifically .
i 'm fairly certain none of these people were shown yesterday . i do n't recognize any of the faces from yesterday
below 50 % . i think i saw this face yesterday , but definitely not positive
not very certain . i do n't recall seeing any of them
somewhat . just seems familiar
i do n't remember these men . i do n't remember seeing these men before .
certain . do n't recall the face
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
pretty certain . none of them look familiar .
not very certain . i feel confused as to what face i could have seen yesterday . because the clothing has changed it makes me uncertain of my choice .
quite certain . i do not recognize any of the faces shown .
not too certain . i 'm not sure
i am certain i do not remember these faces . . i can not recall their faces or features .
fairly certain . i remember seeing him .
about 50 % . this face seems familiar , but so does another in the lineup .
quite . the facial expression
very certain . nose looks familiar
very certain . no recognition
pretty certain . i do n't recall any of these faces
i am pretty sure i did not see this guy yesterday .. this guy does not look familiar to me
not certain at all . he looks familiar , but maybe from seeing him earlier in a lineup ?
pretty certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
very certain . i recall this man because one of his ears is almost HAPAX .
not . not
certain . he had a tank top on before
not very sure . none of the faces look familiar .
50 . none of these faces look familiar to me .
14 % . 1/7 DIS guess
half sure . font ' recognize any faces
fairly certain . do not see anyone from before
these people do not look familiar .. i do n't recognize anyone .
certain . recognize from before .
very . was n't there
i am not positive .. none of them look familiar , but it is hard to tell .
not very sure . i do n't recognize any of the faces but i 'm bad at faces
uncertain . i remember a smirk similar to his yesterday .
extremely certain . remember his face
HAPAX . he was smiling before , but his nose and hair are recognizable .
in not real sure , although i do remember his lips and adams apple . because of his lips and adams apple .
not at all . i think i saw him
i am fairly certain . his expression is different but i recognize his eyes and hair .
maybe ? . this one 's eyes look familiar .
fairly certain . hair cut and neck shape .
not very . i font recognize anyone
i 'm somewhat sure about this .. i do n't recognize any of these guys ' features , but it 's actually hard for me to tell .
somewhat certain . no features look familiar .
very certain . i remember him because he wore a DIS chain and reminded me of kenya .
looks familiar . i am not sure if it is this photo i have seen or the next one
honestly , these guys all look the same to me and none look familiar . none of them look familiar .
not certain . his nose .
pretty sure . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces
unsure .. i feel like i remember some details about this man 's face .
pretty certain .. the eyes
i am again very certain because i remember his face and hair . i remember thinking that this guy 's hair looked fairly HAPAX and it is very recognizable
only a little . he looks familiar .
not certain at all .. he looks familiar from yesterday .
just a little . i remember his square chin
almost sure . i do n't recall any of the faces .
i 'm pretty certain . he looks familiar
very . i dint see any of these guys
a little . i do n't remember these faces
i recall this person in a 50/50 HAPAX as he looks familiar . . i think i recall seeing him so i 'm going to say that it 's a 50 percent chance that i saw him as my memory DIS .
i 'm a little certain . none of these people really look familiar .
not certain . looks familiar but not sure
sorta certain . none of the faces looked familiar .
i 'm about 60 % confident that this guy was in the initial slide show , but he was wearing a tank top .. DIS , this is a tough one . i am not real sure , but he looks similar to the tank top HAPAX from the slide show . the eyes and nose appear to be a match .
pretty certain . none of these faces look familiar at all
i would say i 'm about 50/50 on this one . i could be wrong , but he definitely has a unique look and seems familiar . . shape of the face and the DIS , eyes and thick eyebrows seem familiar .
not sure . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces
quite certain . i looks like a dead HAPAX for kenya west
i am pretty certain .. none of these men look familiar .
HAPAX of these faces look at all familiar . i do n't recognize any features of these faces .
fairly . do n't recognize anyone
hairline . somewhat remember
i do n't remember seeing any of these men . none of their faces stick out to me to make me say yes
not very . i think saw a face that looks like that ... but again not sure this is very hard .
unsure . i do n't specifically remember any of them
pretty certain . i font think i remember seeing this person
do n't recall any of these . do n't recall any of these
not very sure . because i am not positive
certain .. do n't remember any of them .
maybe i saw him . his eyebrows look familiar
certain . not there .
mi sorta sure . i remember seeing a photo with the head cocked to the side in that way
fairly certain . i remember his face
very certain . face is familiar to me . nose , eyes and mouth . haircut and facial hair .
i 'm pretty sure that i have not seen these men before . i 'd HAPAX it at DIS % sure .. none of their eyes , hair , look , ( lack of ) smile matches what i saw before .
14 % . 1/7 DIS the HAPAX
a little bit certain .. i might have seen him .
fairly certain . do n't recognize anyone .
a fair bit . the face looks familiar , it 's the lopsided eye .
i 'm certain i 've seen his face previously .. i remember the facial features .
do n't remember this person . do n't remember that face
i am very certain . this person was shown before i recognize the hair .
two of these men look very similar and familiar , down to two . two look similar
pretty certain . none of them look familiar .
i do n't know . do n't know
i am 60 % certain i saw this individual yesterday . the HAPAX eyes stick out .
very certain . his eyes look quite similar to a previous photo as well as his facial hair , chin structure , and cheekbones .
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these men 's faces
not sure at all .. kind of seems familiar for some reason , but i ca n't place why .
fairly certain . the hairstyle , facial hair and face shape are very similar to a man that appeared in the previous images .
i am not very certain i am correct .. i believe his hair and facial features are the same as one that i had seen .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of the people
confident . the facial hair is familiar .
pretty certain . i think they were n't in the line up
i am certain . i recognized his hair and his neck . he had a very defined neck .
i am fairly positive . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
i think i saw him . i think i saw him
about 50/50 . i seem to remember an individual with a similar haircut
pretty certain . i font remember any of these faces or feel they are familiar
not very certain . i do n't remember any of them
not very . looks familiar
almost positive . i do n't recall any of the facial features .
very . was n't there
very . i remember his facial hair .
50/50 . unsure of if vie seen one of the people
i am pretty sure i do n't recognize anyone here . no one looks familiar here
somewhat . he looks familiar
not too certain . i do n't recall if i 've seen him
very . no recollection
not very certain . . a few of his facial characteristics look similar , but not enough to be certain .
i am positive i remember this face .. i strongly recognize the face i chose . his facial details stand out to me .
about halfway certain . i can narrow down a few of the faces but not all of them
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of these men from the lineup
certain . do not recognize anyone .
i am iffy about this one . . he looks familiar , but not when i really think about it .
pretty sure . looks familiar
very certain . this person had a very distinct face with a square jaw , sideburns , long nose .
fairly certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces from earlier .
somewhat , more than before .. gut DIS
pretty sure . i do n't believe i saw any of these
not very certain . he looks a little familiar
somewhat certain . they seem familiar
fairly certain . none of the faces look familiar , especially the eyes .
not sure . . none of these faces seem memorable to me .
pretty certain . he has a unique chin
fairly certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
i do n't remember any of these guys . i do n't remember any of them
not very certain . i font recall seeing any of them
fairly certain . no one looks familiar .
certain . definitely recognize this guy .
kind of certain . he was wearing a blue DIS before , i think it was him
i 'm not very certain . the person look familiar , his eyes and shape of head in particular
not that certain . i really do n't think i 've seen any of these faces before , but they are DIS a blur . part of me HAPAX if i have seen any of these faces before .
not very . some of the faces look familiar .
not very certain . do n't remember their faces .
somewhat . i think i recognize his facial hair .
very . i remember HAPAX about most faces that i am not seeing
pretty sure . do n't recall
mi pretty sure . i remember a photo yesterday that had the head cocked in a similar DIS
the person is not present 2 times . they are DIS and HAPAX .
i 'm a little certain that he is not in this lineup . . even with the details and characteristics the same i just do n't see the same person .
entirely certain .. i remember his DIS and eyebrows but i recall him smiling , before .
moderately . i ca n't be sure
not really sure at all . i remember a shirt this color , but i do n't remember the face
not sure . do n't recognize anyone
certain . none look familiar
fairly sure . his eyes look familiar
somewhat certain . no one seems familiar
almost DIS certain . his hair
completely certain . none of these men looks familiar to me .
somewhat . this individual looks familiar to me
not sure .. not sure any of these HAPAX the pictures i saw .
this face looks familiar to me .. when i looked over the different faces , i recognized that face , HAPAX i do n't recognize the other faces .
somewhat certain . he 's the only one in the group that looks familiar .
very little . i do n't think any are familiar
absolutely certain . he looks really familiar from the lineup .
not certain . does n't look familiar
his face looks a bit familiar .. i think i remember his chin and how large it is .
very . remember seeing a guy that looks like HAPAX HAPAX . he looks like him .
very certain . i do n't remember anyone with HAPAX blonde hair .
very . none of these faces are familiar .
fairly certain . i remember there being HAPAX white people in the photos from yesterday , so i 'm fairly certain these dudes were n't there ... because i would remember the black faces as they stood out more
not very . none of them look familiar .
somewhat . none of them look familiar
do not recognize any of these faces . no faces are familiar to me .
very certain . none of the people i saw had these features
pretty certain . i remember thinking he looks DIS and HAPAX
not very certain . looked somewhat familiar but not too familiar .
i 'm not very certain . i do n't recognize any of them
zero . there all white guys wearing the same shirt
not certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these people but i could definitely be wrong .
not certain . ca n't remember his face correctly
mi certain .. i do not remember any of these shown
kind of certain . none of the facial features seem familiar .
i 'm not very certain . . his face sticks out as one that i 've seen before . i think it 's the hair .
mostly sure . same face
i do n't recognize any of the faces .. none of the faces look familiar .
i 'm pretty certain about my response . . i feel like i 've seen his face before .
he looks familiar . his nose and forehead are familiar
i am somewhat certain . none of the faces seem familiar .
not very . one of the men looks familiar , but could be from previous lineups and not previous DIS
pretty certain . do n't remember seeing any of these faces
fairly certain but not 100 % . i somewhat remember the eyes
moderately . the shape of face and shape of mouth
pretty sure . do n't recall
not certain . they all look like they could possibly be on the list .
fairly . i think i saw him
certain . i do n't think i have seen any of them
very certain . i remember seeing him .
pretty certain . none of the noses or eyes look familiar .
i am fairly certain i saw this person earlier .. similar facial features to someone i saw earlier .
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of those men .
fairly confident . no one here looks familiar at all
the top center photo looks vaguely familiar , but the rest do not . i feel like he may look similar to someone i know in real life , but the others HAPAX no familiarity
a little less than half sure . i do n't remember these faces
kind of . mustache , chin shape .
slightly . i feel like i have seen this face before
certain . eyes nose and mouth were recognizable .
in not certain i saw any . i do n't recall seeing any of them
fairly certain .. none of them seem familiar to me .
very . none of these men looked familiar .
very certain .. i did n't recognize anyone in the line up .
a little . just a guess . thought he looked a little familiar
not very . font recognize anyone .
i 'm slightly certain .. the face seems familiar , but i 'm not entirely sure i saw it in yesterday 's survey .
fairly certain . he looks like kenya west which i made a mental note of before
i am not a hundred percent .. i seem to remember his longer face and higher hair line .
i am somewhat positive .. i think i recognize the facial hair and hairstyle .
not very . some faces look somewhat similar but not sure
fairly certain . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
pretty certain . i recognize one guy
i 'm pretty certain . they each have similar hairstyles , but no ones face stands out from the previous lineup
not sure much . i remember the big nose and lips
uncertain . not sure , the look similar to each other
i 'm about 60 % sure . . the hair and facial expressions stick out to me from yesterday .
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
uncertain . font recall these people from photos
i do n't recall any of these faces . i did n't recognize any of the faces
sure . i 'm sure
all the face were smiling so not positive . again all the faces were smiling
somewhat . looks familiar .
i am kind of sure .. they do n't look familiar .
certain . i do n't remember any of them .
" i may have seen this person before .. i think i remember his " " DIS DIS " " but i ca n't be certain . "
i 'm really unsure about this group .. i do n't think i saw any of these faces , but they are all quite similar and i 'm really not sure about this group at all .
i am not certain at all . . i just do n't recall seeing any of these individuals .
sure . face
i am not very certain . . i vaguely remember that haircut , although this guy is wearing other clothing .
not sure . not sure if i remember anyone who looked like this .
kind of remember . hard to tell
not very certain . confused if i saw him yesterday or just earlier in the lineups today
fairly . i recognize his face
i remember this face . i remember that he has a goatee and a beard with a long chin .
pretty certain none of these are one of the . i do n't recognize any of them
straight goatee . paid attention to his facial hair .
not certain . none of these faces look familiar , but i 'm not sure .
i am somewhat HAPAX the person i chose i have seen before .. his eyes look very familiar to me .
not real sure . none of the faces look familiar
none of them look familiar . none look familiar
not at all certain . honestly none ring a bell
pretty sure . don remember any of these faces
somewhat . i recall at least one white guy that looked like a HAPAX HAPAX HAPAX and he does
mostly certain . the eyes , hairline , and eye brows are familiar .
very . no faces are familiar
pretty sure . none of them look familiar
very sure . they all have easily HAPAX features that i do n't recall noticing yesterday .
decently so . i think i saw him before
i 'm fairly sure . he looks like someone i saw , the hair and eyes look familiar .
somewhat . he reminds me of the guy i thought looked like puff daddy yesterday
i 'm 80 percent certain .. this one looks very familiar like i 've seen him in the first task .
none of these people look memorable to me . dint see them yesterday
not too certain . do n't recognize any , but they all look very similar .
not very certain . one selected looks semi - familiar .
i 'm not certain . he looks the most familiar
positive . he reminded me of a basketball player from the 70 's .
i 'm very certain that i saw this man in the previous lineup . i remember his haircut and facial hair
kind of certain . looks familiar .
not very . a couple faces look slightly familiar
not sure . note sure
very certain . have n't seen these faces before
i am extremely certain . i remember DIS when first viewing the photos that this face reminded me of someone , and i again DIS reminded of this person when viewing the lineup .
certain . i recognize him from the line up .
i am pretty certain that none of these were present .. i do not recognize any of the above males .
somewhat . i remember that specific hair and the face looks similar
50 percent . none of the features stood out as familiar
there 's one particular face that i 'm uncertain about so i 'm not entirely certain with my response .. i made my response because one individual seems like he was who i saw last night . however , he also does n't seem all that familiar and none of my mental notes are calling out to me .
not too certain . HAPAX eyes .
extremely certain . i distinctly remember this man from the photos .
positive . i did n't saw them in face survey yesterday
i 'm fairly certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
uncertain . none triggered a memory but one had the right hair shape and another had familiar eyes
about 30 % . eyes and nose seem familiar , but i think he was just in the last lineup
i 'm sure . none of these faces are familiar .
i 'm about 20 % confident . the face just seems familiar no real distinct feature is recognizable
sure . his facial features , eyes mouth
i am sure .. i did n't recognize anyone ,
not certain at all .. i ca n't remember these faces .
uncertain . i think i seen him before but not so sure
very . i recognize that skinny and smug look
in certain somewhat due to the persons head shape .. the head shape and complexion HAPAX HAPAX to the other pictures provided .
certain . his face looks like someone i know
i 'm sure that 's someone i saw . he looks nearly identical . the man 's hair , eyes , chin , hair and even eyebrows look the same as i remember .
almost positive . his hair looks familiar .
more than half certain . looks like one from previous line up
i think i saw this photo yesterday , but not positive . do n't recall for sure , but face looks familiar .
i 'm almost certain this guy was in the previous lineup . i remember this guy kind of looks like a HAPAX
i do not remember any of these people .. none look familiar
i do n't feel any face is familiar enough .. i ca n't say for certainty i recognize any of them .
somewhat . his hair
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
not certain . i remember a white male with brown hair that was DIS
very certain . recognize hair
certain . do n't think i have seen any of them
semi confident that this one was present .. the eyebrows and HAPAX are unique .
certain . none look familiar
not too certain .. his face .
certain . none look familiar
i am fairly certain . i remember the neck , so i was fairly certain i saw this guy yesterday
fairly . none looks similar
not very . . none of these faces seem very memorable .
extremely certain . i remember seeing his face
in not 100 percent but he looks familiar .. he looks like a picture i saw yesterday .
fairly certain . none of these look familiar .
not really sure . i do n't recognize the faces
not very sure .. i think i 've seen him before , but i really do n't feel confident about it . his eyes look familiar , i think .
i do not remember seeing anyone from this listed HAPAX above .. i chose not present to DIS the HAPAX HAPAX of not seeing these individuals prior .
not certain at all . none of these men look familiar to me .
not very . none of these faces stand out to me
not at all . some of these faces look familiar but at least one looks similar to someone i know so that could be why . two of them look like the same person just a different angle . in general i ca nt single any of them as being seen before
not sure . ok
extremely . did not see him
i 'm a little bit unsure , but think i saw this person before .. the camera angle and features seem similar .
pretty certain . i do n't really recognize any of these faces
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
uncertain . no one stands out from the other day
6 out of 10 . looks familiar
i 'm not really so sure about this one , but he looks familiar . i think so .
fairly sure . most of the black guys were smiling in their pictures .
eh .... this guy looks familiar
fairly . no one seems familiar .
somewhat certain . i think i saw this guy yesterday but not totally sure
i already said i saw this one . because i know !
somewhat certain . recognize the round face and mustache
pretty sure . no one stands out
certain .. the guy looks similar to one in the study .
in really not that sure but i could be right . his face looks familiar
pretty positive . i have n't seen these people before .
uncertain . seems familiar but uncertain
not too certain . i think i recognize him but i 'm not totally sure .
i do n't recall seeing any of these men . they do n't look familiar
pretty positive . none
not sure at all . non
100 percent . his eyes look familiar
certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them .
some . not certain
fairly certain . none of these are familiar
i am very certain that this person was previously witnessed . i remember that face .
not very . they all look somewhat similar
definitely remember this guy . facial hair , and features
somewhat . i think i recognize him .
the person has a lighter complexion compared to the rest of the pictures provided .. the person is lighter and DIS in upper DIS shape compared to the rest of the pictures provided .
not too certain . the top middle looks a bit familiar , but he also has a pretty generic face .
only a little certain . something about the expression in his eyes seems familiar .
i am very sure .. i did not see any of these guys yesterday
completely certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am not very certain . . i do n't specifically remember him . he just kind of looks familiar .
certain . i remember his faro
no one here rings a bell at all .. i do n't recognize anything in these faces .
not so certain . it 's hard to DIS a HAPAX on it but the facial hair and haircut seem vaguely familiar
not certain . none of them look familiar
pretty confident . do n't recognize any of their faces
fairly certain . mouth and eye shape , size of ears , lip color .
i am very certain .. i remember seeing his eyes and face . i did n't even have to look at the others .
somewhat certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
kinda certain . i do n't remember seeing this hair on anyone
pretty certain . none of these face shapes is recognizable to me .
very sure that this is the guy that was in the picture earlier . his facial hair is familiar .
zero certainty . i do n't recognize any of these faces
not very certain . his facial DIS , his eyes .
none of these men look familiar . between the faces and expressions , none of them stand out .
completely certain . i absolutely recognize his nose and the HAPAX of his ears .
fairly certain . hair style , eyes , nose .
not really . this guy looks kinda familiar
somewhat . did not recognize the face structure
moderately certain . i remember his hair and his head shape
very certain . none look familiar
i 'm somewhat certain . his features , especially eyebrows , look familiar .
i am not very certain . none of them look familiar to me , but one could have been shown to me before .
i think i am right . i do n't remember any of these guys
not very certain .. none of them really stand out too me again .
certain . not the same guy
almost for sure .. he has the same jawline and face set as in the previous mugshot of his i saw .
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
a little certain . none seem familiar
fairly sure . face looks familiar .
i am pretty sure none of these males were present .. i do not recognize any of the above males at all .
i 'm about half sure in this one . he looks rather familiar . i think he was in the lineup .
i feel more certain with him .. i remember seeing a guy yesterday that looked like a DIS friend . and this guy looks the same .
100 % . he was in the line up may times
i 'm 100 % certain .. this man was making the same facial expression in the previous photos . he is wearing a different shirt , however .
a little . i font see anyone i remember
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
very certain . looks like kenya
semi certain kinda seems familiar . its how certain i am
low certainty .. i think i remember this white man from earlier .
i do not feel DIS in the fact i saw one of these faces before . none of the faces stand out to me
decently certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces from previously shown images at all ...
very certain . face is familiar
uncertain . seems familiar but not sure
a little . slightly recognize .
fairly certain . looks familiar
not very certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of these yesterday .
i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face .. i feel confident about saying i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face before .
very certain . i remember this guys haircut from previous pictures .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of them
completely . i remember the shape of his face .
i feel fairly confident . i remember his hair and the way he looked at the camera
fairly certain . looks familiar
no one looks familiar . do n't see any familiar faces
some . his face looks familiar
pretty certain . none of the faces look familiar .
certain . looks like puff daddy .
i am extremely uncertain . i do not recognize any of the individuals
pretty sure . i am pretty positive
pretty sure . do n't recall
not so sure . none of them look familiar .
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
pretty sure . i remembered i did n't like his hair .
not sure . HAPAX faces .
somewhat . i do n't recognize
do n't see a familiar face . not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
not certain . some of familiar looking .
i do not recognize any of the above men .. i do not recognize any of them .
somewhat certain . the one in top right corner looks somewhat familiar
pretty sure .. none of these people were in the previous lineup .
certain . i think he was smiling in the other photo
very . none of these faces are familiar .
not very certain .. i ca n't remember any of these guys .
uncertain . looked slightly familiar
not certain . i vaguely remember seeing someone with this hair cut .
i 'm HAPAX certain about my response .. i think i 've seen this person in the previous lineup .
somewhat certain . looks familiar but not sure .
certain . none look familiar
fairly certain . smile is different but looks familiar
somewhat . eyes and nose look familiar
i do n't recognize one of these faces . i do n't believe i 've seen one of these faces before .
certain . no one is the same guy
pretty certain . he looks familiar while the other faces do not .
i am slightly certain . the facial features look familiar and the expression
i am very certain .. he looks familiar .
moderately certain . none look familiar .
fairly certain . i do not believe any of these faces were in yesterdays lineup .
pretty certain . do not see any people i had previously seen
fairly certain . i recognized his hair cut .
i am almost certain . he looks to be the same even has the same head shape
fairly certain . none of these men look familiar .
perhaps .. i remember his nose stuck out .
i am not certain . i do no remember the faces
not very .. i do n't think i 've seen these faces before .
pretty sure . looks very familiar
extremely certain . . i remember his hair and mustache .
not really certain . do n't remember these faces
very certain . i have not seen any of these faces
very sure . i 've seen this guy before .
not very certain . hair and eyes
very . jawline is familiar
slightly . none of these faces look familiar .
not very certain at all . . all the faces look very similar to me . it is very difficult to remember which is the face i saw .
not very certain . his face looks somewhat familiar , however different HAPAX
definitely . he reminded me of kenya
i am positive .. none of the faces look familiar .
not certain . font recognize anyone but can not be certain
a little . i do not recognize any of the faces above .
semi certain . hair looks familiar
pretty certain i saw that guy . his face looked familiar
somewhat . i did n't recognize anyone in the lineup
pretty certain . font recall face
i 'm only 20 % certain .. i think i remember his eyes .
i am almost sure . i recognize the details of the face
about 50 % certain . the face has a distinctive jawline that i think i remember
certain . i remembered this man 's face because his facial expression was pretty DIS to me yesterday
certain . i saw this face .
not sure . i recall seeing him , but i think i 'm DIS up faces now .
very certain . i have seen him
pretty certain . none of the features looked at all familiar .
not very . he looks familiar .
not at all certain but i think i remember the eyes . eyes , the way they look ? i do n't know that i can get more specific than that .
somewhat . looks like a previous picture of the same guy with HAPAX
pretty certain . none of these look familiar .
i am almost certain no of these did i see .. no one looks familiar .
seems familiar . i think vie seen them before
not very . i do n't recognize anybody right away here .
i am pretty sure i am correct . i do not recognize any faces .
almost positive . i do n't recall any of these facial features .
very certain . have n't seen these faces before
fairly certain . his eyes and forehead look familiar .
not very . dint recognize anyone .
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these guys from the pictures before . they all look the same to me .
positive . i remember his hair style
somewhat . the chin shape looks familiar but i could be wrong .
not . not
uncertain .. because he seems vaguely familiar .
hardly any o the white guys had facial hair yesterday . font recognize them .
i 'm slightly sure .. i think i 've seen him before .
not certain . he looks familiar , and also reminds me of a kenya west
somewhat . features are similar to what i recall
no one i can recall . none of them look familiar .
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of the above faces yesterday
i do n't recognize any one . i do n't recognize any one
very uncertain . i can not remember seeing any of the people but i may very well be wrong
none look familiar . none look like anyone i saw before
fifty percent . do n't recall these features
100 % . reminded of HAPAX HAPAX
very certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
certain . i remember his face .
not very , think top left might be from yesterday . i think top left might be from yesterday but i really would be taking a guess if i chose him
somewhat . not sure
i 'm fairly certain about this response . . i think i saw a guy with the same features as his .
very certain . i remember his faro .
pretty sure . i seem to remember their face
i am pretty sure i have not seen these faces . i can not remember any of these faces .
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
a little .. he looks a little familiar .
50/50 certain kinda seems like that was it . seems familiar
none look familiar . do not recognize anyone
somewhat . i believe that i remember the person 's hair
a little . do n't recognize anyone
halfway . i do not recognize them
very . was n't there
not confident .. remember nothing here .
somewhat certain . do not recognize any of them .
i 'm not very certain .. i do n't recognize any of the men , but i do n't really remember .
somewhat certain . none of these faces look familiar
very . he looks familiar
fairly certain . although i think his hair is completely different than a previously shown photo i think this is one of the men in one of the photos i was shown .
certain . hair style with side burns .
i definitely remember the bad haircut on this guy . the haircut and the HAPAX look
fairly certain . none look familiar
almost certain . i do not recognize any of these faces shown .
i do n't recognize anyone . i font recognize anyone here
pretty certain . do not think i have seen this face before
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of the faces being shown yesterday but i 'm not 100 % sure because i have memory HAPAX
same hairline facial structure . only diff is he is not smiling but other then that i swear its him
somewhat certain . i do n't think i 've seen any of them
pretty sure . i think i remember the guy wearing the HAPAX HAPAX and he did n't look like that .
fairly certain . none of these look familiar .
moderately certain . the guy 's hair HAPAX facial features look familiar
not certain again .. feeling of familiarity . not strong .
fairly . do n't see anyone i saw .
do not recognize anyone . do not recognize anyone
about halfway certain .. this face seems a bit familiar .
i am somewhat certain i witnessed him but it 's hard to tell .. his hair and facial features look familiar .
i am not sure i saw any of these guys in the line up . i do n't recall seeing any of them .
not certain . this is difficult
50/50 . HAPAX HAPAX were they all wearing the same shirt yesterday ? ? ? ? ?
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of them .
not certain . maybe the hair i 've seen , not sure
partially certain . this individual looks more familiar than the rest and i think i may have see him in the lineup
not that certain . i think i 'm right , but not too positive
none look familiar . i do n't see anyone the same
i am not very certain . his eyes ring a bell .
a little bit .. looks like i 've seen that guy .
this is too hard ! i have no clue . this one looks a little familiar
not very certain . no one looked familiar .
certain . none of them look familiar
moderately . the hair looks familiar .
i am not certain at all . i don't know
not very . i think i saw his man , but he was smiling in yesterday 's photo
not sure . none stand out to me
i am only somewhat certain . because they are unfamiliar to me yet again , but mi starting to think it may just be me
somewhat . i think i remember seeing this guys face
slightly . hair shape .
extremely certain . i remember his face
i am almost certain . the eyes and hair .
not at all . . all these faces are starting to blur together .
a little bit .. intuition .
i 'm almost 100 % certain on this one , though the expression on his face is different and he 's wearing different clothes , but i definitely remember this face . . it 's the eyes , the hair , and he has a fairly similar DIS in this DIS as in the first one . i remember thinking he looked like a frat boy in the first image ( HAPAX , HAPAX , i know ) .
do n't recall any of the faces . i 'm positive .. none of these faces look familiar from yesterdays line up .
font recall any . unsure
unsure . none look right
moderately certain . i remember a person with a round face and facial hair similar to my selection .
i 'm 40 percent certain .. this one looks familiar but i 'm not sure .
HAPAX uncertain . this could be one of the people from yesterday but HAPAX a bit HAPAX , though i am not very good at DIS people when their appearance HAPAX .
pretty certain . they do n't look at all familiar .
i do n't remember any of these . i do n't remember any of their faces so in choosing no
i am half certain of this choice . this face seems familiar .
not very certain . he looks a little familiar
pretty sure . none of them look familiar
somewhat . the hair and eyes look familiar .
pretty sure . do n't recognize any of them
certain . these faces and features do not look distinctly familiar
certain . i do n't recognize them .
i do n't see anyone that could look like the earlier photos . none of these guys look familiar .
not very certain . no one looks familiar
not very . harder to tell , pics are smaller
i 'm fairly certain . i remember the facial structure of this person
not sure . i think he looks a little familiar
60 . none of these faces look familiar to me .
pretty certain . none look familiar .
a little unsure . i know i saw a face that looked similar to this yesterday , but it 's an DIS look .
i do not remember seeing any of these people .. none of the faces above seem familiar to me .
confident . none of the above faces look familiar .
very . i recognized him immediately .
not too certain .. this face seems a little familiar but i 'm not certain i have seen it before .
not very . this may or may not be a familiar face
kind of certain . i really feel like this face is familiar , like i saw it yesterday .
only a little sure .. it 's getting hard to remember if i saw any of the faces or not .
fairly certain . do not see anyone who was in the sideshow .
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these individuals .
pretty sure . he looks like someone i know
i am completely sure .. i know i saw that kid in the HAPAX before .
pretty sure . i remember his nostrils !
i do not recognize any of these guys . their expressions are very different so i can not tell
i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face .. i feel confident about saying i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face before .
positive . i remember him
very certain . remember it from yesterday
certain . do n't remember seeing that color shirt
i am very certain .. i made the response above because i remember HAPAX his face to looking like one of an HAPAX .
i 'm not that certain .. i may have seen one of these faces , but it is hard to tell .
very certain . none of these faces are familiar in the DIS bit
certain . i font recall any of these faces .
not very certain . none of them look familiar to me .
not certain . he looks familiar .
not very . none look familiar
kind of certain . none of them looked familiar
quite certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
very certain . face and hair style look familiar .
pretty certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
i am not too certain if i have seen this face .. i feel this face is vaguely familiar .
not very certain . i ca n't remember if top left was in the lineup
maybe . they all look alike
very certain . this guy looks all too familiar .
a little bit . he looks a little familiar
somewhat certain . i think i remember this mugshot person because of there nose
this person resembled kaye west , i remember thinking that . and this same person resembles kaye west . . even though the angle is off he still looks like kaye west .
not very . i might have seen him before .
moderately certain . i remember thinking that a face shown earlier looked like an HAPAX , and my selection makes me think that as well .
certain . does n't look familiar
HAPAX , very certain . i remember the DIS eyes
pretty sure . i definitely do n't remember any
pretty certain . none of the faces stand out to me
kind of certain . that DIS hair on his chin
very certain . he was wearing a blue and white HAPAX shirt and smiling in the photos from before .
fairly certain . i do not recognize anyone .
somewhat certain . person looks familiar
fairly certain . none of these look familiar .
not certain . he looks familiar , but i am not certain . his head tilt looks familiar .
somewhat . pretty sure i remember him
not very . i may have seen that man
not at all . do n't remember
i am positive he was in the lineup .. i remember his eyes and hair .
very certain . because i remember this guys nose , it HAPAX me out .
not very certain . one of them could have been in the lineup
pretty sure .. one person in initial line up looked like kenya . here is a man who looks like kenya .
a little . i think i saw him but am not sure
50/50 certain that i saw his picture before . . the eyebrows looked familiar - i think a picture shown earlier to me wearing a gold chain .
i am pretty sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't recognize any of them .
not very certain .. i think i remember seeing him , maybe .
it may be him from yesterday but i 'm not completely sure . he looks very familiar from yesterday
sort of . looks familiar
kinda certain .. because he seems pretty familiar .
fairly certain . slightly recognizable
fairly . do n't recognize anyone 's face
i font remember these faces . i font remember
unsure . looks familiar
fairly certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces before .
i 'm pretty certain .. i remember his face . his hairline , his small chin . he was handsome .
low certainty .. ca n't recall any of these faces .
positive . i named this one kenya west
not very certain . face looks familiar
somewhat . i do n't recognize any of them
not very sure . he seems familiar , but i may just be going by his haircut .
in actually not very certain . i font see any traits that would make this person stick out in my mind
i am fairly certain .. he seems familiar .
some . could be one of them
i remember someone having a long face . his face is long
fairly certain . no one looks familiar .
i font remember any of them . i font remember them
not at all . . i ca n't remember any of these faces .
not 100 % certain but the face is familiar . i picture this face as one of the smiling faces that i saw previously
pretty certain . face looks familiar to me .
fairly certain . this face looks familiar , but i can not say with 100 % certainty .
guessing yet again . something may be familiar about this face
about 20 % sure , that is to say , not very .. none of these faces look familiar , but i 'm really not sure at all about this DIS either .
somewhat certain . i do n't remember these men .
i am pretty certain . i do n't recall any of these faces and i 'm pretty confident i have n't seen them before .
very certain .. i know i saw him .
fairly certain . none of these look familiar .
not certain . not sure if i saw any of these faces
about 50 - 50 . looks recognizable but not sure
fairly certain . none of these men look familiar
somewhat . i believe i saw him in the lineup yesterday
not . not
i 'm not certain at all .. i think the word search really HAPAX my memory of the faces .
i am not certain that i saw him , but he looks familiar .. his eyes look familiar .
not . not
i am fairly certain that no one has been in the previous pictures . i ca nt remember any of the faces .
i font remember any of them . i font remember them
not very certain . i think i recognize him , but not sure .
not very certain . the eyes look slightly familiar
i 'm 80 percent certain .. this one looks very familiar .
somewhat certain . recognize the facial expression and face
not very certain . i think one mugshot looks familiar but mi still very unsure
not at all certain . not really sure
almost certain . i do not recognize any of these faces
i am slightly certain . he is good looking and i feel like his hair is familiar
i am very certain . i remember his haircut and his eyebrows . his hair and eyebrows are a slightly different DIS .
not very . none look familiar .
i 'm really not very certain , one or two looked like maybe i saw them but my instinct is no .. the faces did n't set off any DIS bells .
not very . memory
not very . do n't recognize anyone
i am about HAPAX percent sure . i am HAPAX percent sure because some of the faces looked familiar to me , and he felt familiar to me
sort of certain . just seems to be familiar
i 'm slight certain this is the same man . . very distinctive nose and mouth and dumb DIS look .
somewhat . none of the faces look familiar
zero . zero
somewhat certain . he looks familiar .
i am slightly confident that i recognize him . . i kind of remember his hair . i seems familiar .
80 % certain . none of the stand out to me
i am relatively certain .. the pattern of the hair DIS the forehead .
i do n't recognize any of the faces from yesterday .. no face is jumping out to me as familiar .
i am almost positive i remember him , but i might be wrong . i remember him and his face in general , i think .
mostly certain . none of these guys look familiar
think ice seen him . his face is shaped DIS
pretty . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i 'm very certain . they do n't look at all familiar .
a little certain . none of them look familiar .
a little bit . i think he looks familiar
a little . does not look familiar
sure . haircut
certain . i am sure i have seen him before
don recognize anyone . nothing seems to jump out
not really certain . i do n't recognize any of these men .
certain . i remember the lips and goatee
very certain . i remember that he looks like kaye west
fairly certain . i remember an individual with his light complexion , blue eyes , and short light hair .
very certain . his hair is distinctive .
i am about fairly confident that i saw this face previously . . i remember seeing a man with facial hair and same expression on the line up previously .
saw earlier . same guy , less happy .
only somewhat certain . he looks familiar to me .
very . 4 of these pictures are the same person
i am not very confident with my response . . i believe i remember this mans hair because it was something that stuck out to me as i HAPAX the faces .
uncertain . this person looks familiar but i 'm not sure .
not certain . . it 's hard to recognize when they changed clothes so not sure .
very . DIS / HAPAX hair with HAPAX eyes and skinny lips
not at all . font remember any of these
very . these faces were not shown .
uncertain . i do n't recognize anyone
fairly . i do n't recognize any of them
uncertain . font recall these people from photos
very certain . nothing looks familiar .
i 'm fairly certain i did n't see these faces yesterday . none of them stand out , and they look very similar to one another
pretty certain . i remember his nose
pretty certain . these men look HAPAX than the set of photos shown earlier .
pretty certain . i remember thinking this guy looked a bit like kenya west .
not very . font see anyone i recall
i am fairly certain . i remember his hair and facial features .
i pretty certain non of these men were in the photos yesterday .. none of these men look familiar from the photos yesterday .
fairly confident . i remember his eyes and facial expression
half way certain . nose and hair look familiar
font know . font know
i am confident . he has a goofy face and a HAPAX HAPAX haircut
i am not very certain .. this face looks familiar to me .
very certain . i remember that particular pose
no one seems familiar . as far as i can tell no one was previously shown .
he looks a bit familiar . he looks DIS familiar .
very certain . i would have remembered at least one of those faces
fairly HAPAX that i am certain . eyes .
almost certain . i think hair was the same
mostly certain , though two on the right seem familiar . though the two on the right seem familiar . i am HAPAX to be fully certain .
fairly certain . i remember his eyes and his nose being a little crooked .
the pictures are not DIS up . . these pictures are not DIS up so i can not see anything .
i am fairly certain in my response . he looked familiar to yesterday 's men
not certain at all . i do n't recognize any of them
pretty certain .. i do n't remember any of them .
pretty certain . i do n't remember those faces
very uncertain . slight feeling of familiarity with that face
not very . no one looks familiar
almost positive . . i remember seeing this guy , his smile stands out
very . i remember this guy looks like kenya west and had a narrow beard
i am pretty sure none of these faces were there .. i do n't recognize any of these faces .
very . none look familiar
not certain . no one looks familiar
very . his face tilted looks familiar .
positive . i remember his goatee
i am certain because none of them look familiar . none of them feel familiar , so that 's why i am certain
not very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces but really can not remember .
i pretty certain . i remember seeing him , maybe the color of his shirt
not certain . unsure i saw any of them .
none of these young men look familiar . . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces before .
70 . he look similar to a man from yesterday
i am certain i saw this man . he has a longer neck and i remember seeing someone with one .
a little certain . shape of the head , lack of hair .
somewhat . seems familiar
mostly sure . the face looks familiar
not very . none look familiar
not very certain . i ca n't be sure
not really . nobody looks familiar .
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of the faces .
fairly certain . i think i remember him with the hair cut , he had a tank top on
do n't ring a bell . i do n't recognize any
about 50/50 . his facial features seem fairly familiar
very certain . i have never seen them .
certain . the beard and face are familiar
fairly certain i would remember someone here . no one is familiar
i kind of on the HAPAX with this one . i remember his ears and chin kind of .
not very . none look familiar
pretty sure .. one person looks similar but much more dark DIS .
i font recognize anyone . . none seem familiar to me
completely sure . these people were n't shown previously .
i am half certain . these faces do not seem familiar
somewhat certain . i remember seeing this face because i thought it was attractive
not really sure . i think i saw this one in the lineup , but they are all starting to blur together
semi . thought about top middle guy
not certain . ca n't remember
i am somewhat certain . i believe i remember seeing this person 's face
kind of certain . i think i recognize his face
kinda certain . face looks familiar to me
pretty certain . i do n't recognize anyone shown .
fairly certain . i just ca n't be sure if i have seen any of these faces , but i could be wrong
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
do n't think i saw any of these . none look familiar
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
very certain . this is the guy with the eyes i remembered
this face seems familiar , but i ca n't specifically recall the person .. the face feels familiar , but i do n't have specific recollection .
absolutely certain . i recall this picture due to the original expression which is the exact same expression he has in the lineup photo .
very certain . i have seen him his hair was a give away
certain . remember that he looked like he was cut out of a picture .
very certain . i recall making note of his hair style
kind of certain ? . none of them look familiar
10 % . told to
i do n't remember any of these guys in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
certain . same guy
not too certain . the top - left and bottom - right look mildly familiar , but i do n't think i saw them
i am really not certain about this one . . the haircut looks vaguely familiar to me , but then again , it already has in another lineup as well .
kind of . eyes , mouth .
i 'd say i 'd get a barely HAPAX a on the certainty HAPAX , so maybe 70 % sure .. he reminds me pretty strongly of someone i know in real life , and the other guys do n't jog any memories of real people which is something i HAPAX yesterday when i looked at the lineup of dudes .
fairly certain . . the face looks familiar .
i am not sure . his beard i think .
i font remember the faces . i font remember them
not sure . . none of these faces seem memorable .
i can not recall these faces . . i do n't remember any DIS features of these men in yesterdays lineup .
i am only a little certain . the eyes and mouth .
kind of certain . the sideburns look familiar .
certain . not recognizing any faces .
i can kind of remember him . i may have saw him earlier in this hit
medium certain . he looks like someone i know , and i remember thinking that .
not certain . i saw a lot of faces
certain . he looks like kenya west .
half way certain . i do not remember any of the faces shown
pretty certain . i only remember one guy with similar hair , but he did n't look like any of these people .
i 'm fairly certain .. i remember the eyes and chin HAPAX .
not certain at all . i do not recall seeing any of these none of them stand out
i 'm fairly certain . i do n't feel like i 've seen any of these faces .
very . his hair and HAPAX look
not very certain . none of the above pictures stand out to me other than the top left .
none of them look familiar . i ca n't really ? they just do n't look familiar .
not certain . i ca n't remember
not certain . he looks familiar .
same eyes . he looks the same
more so . again unique faces that do n't recall seeing .
somewhat certain . face looks familiar but not sure
fairly certain . none looked familiar .
fairly . i remember a goatee
fairly certain . none of the gentleman look like the previous pictures that were shown
very . he reminded me of a friend .
very certain . did not see anyone in these pics
fairly confident i have never seen anyone here before . nothing seems familiar
not very certain . he looks kind of familiar
i am very certain . his HAPAX look like there going DIS toward his eyes
can not remember that far back after being HAPAX by a word search .. do not remember seeing any of these .
i have seen him before . i have seen his photo
i am confident with my response . . i remember the hair style , facial hair , and nose on this individual .
he looks familiar . though i 'm not sure if i just saw him in an earlier lineup . he looks the most familiar out of all of the faces .
not completely certain . the first picture looks slightly familiar
a little bit . i do n't remember these guys
not very . he look a bit different but it might be the same guy
no one looks familiar here .. i do not seem to remember any of these faces .
not terribly certain . none of the features of faces i remember are present .
uncertain . looks familiar .
very . i do n't recognize any of them
moderately certain . he looks familiar .
a bit certain . i seem to recall this face from before .
very sure . i know i saw this face
not very certain . the person i chose had familiar - looking eyes .
semi . i think it 's the same guy
uncertain . because i 'm uncertain
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
remember . he s cute
absolutely certain . his eye color , hair color / style , facial structure , and ear shape clearly remind me of an individual i have seen before .
i am fairly certain . i remember his eyes
none look familiar at all . none look like anyone i can remember seeing
very certain . remember the square jaw beard look .
kind of HAPAX . none of the faces look familiar
barely certain . . i do n't remember any of the above faces .
HAPAX maybe i 'm not sure . he looks familiar but i ca n't be sure
i do n't recognize any of these people . they do n't seem familiar enough from what i saw in the photos .
i am pretty sure . i remember this person because they look like kaye west HAPAX
kinda sure .. because he seems pretty familiar , although i 'm not 100 % .
moderately . none look familiar enough to be sure
pretty sure . i font recognize them
fairly certain . i feel like i saw this face yesterday , not 100 % sure
fairly certain . this male looks very familiar which HAPAX me to believe he is one of the faces i saw yesterday
fairly certain . none look familiar .
does n't look familiar . they all have a different look
extremely certain . i do n't recall any .
i am fairly sure . his face looks familiar
very certain . i remember his sideburns and eyebrows .
moderately certain . i think i remember those eyes .
somewhat . do n't recognize anyone .
not certain . do n't remember this face
mostly certain . i think i remember this face
not sure . again , i keep second guessing myself because i do n't recognize anyone
very . all new guys
fairly certain . ears .
kinda sure . i do not think i saw these faces yesterday
not very certain . mi very unsure
somewhat certain . i 'm really not sure if i 'm right or not , but leaning towards right
i 'm pretty sure about my response .. i definitely saw a guy with the same features before ,
certain . the neck is long , the high cheek bones , DIS HAPAX .
about 80 % . his face and hair look familiar
not sure . looked kind of familiar
do n't think any of these were in the lineup . do n't know
about half certain . i do n't recall these faces , but i 'm not entirely sure
very . no recognition .
mildly certain .. i remember someone who resembled him .
uncertain . size , shape , and color of lips
i think he was the first photo i was shown .. i believe i saw him earlier and was only shown his photo once or twice .
somewhat . everyone is HAPAX together and starting to look the same
pretty certain . i think i remember thinking he was kind of cute
almost certain . . i remember this mans face .
not very much .. he looks like maybe i saw him and the other men look like i definitely did not see them .
not very . i do n't remember any one in the above pics .
i am fairly sure . they all look new to me
somewhat . he looks familiar .
very certain . he looks familiar .
not certain at all . his haircut and dark complexion remind me of an individual i have seen , but i am not sure at all
very . the facial features look similar , as well as the HAPAX of his head
fairly certain . i font recognize anyone
uncertain . no one looks familiar
i think i remember this one , not very certain . i remember his facial features , but i remember that he was smiling .
a little unsure . the face does n't look familiar .
sort of . none look familiar .
i am fairly certain . i remember his hair
kinda . too many faces
75 . i font remember these guys
fairly certain . . i remember seeing this face or one similar .
almost completely certain . i do n't remember seeing anyone in this lineup
fairly certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
i am absolutely certain . i remember seeing this person ; i noted the shape of his eyes before .
not at all certain .. i truly can not remember at this point if any of these individuals were in the activity .
unsure . i do n't recognize anyone .
not very . none seem familiar .
i do n't recall any of these faces . they are not familiar .
not very certain . all these people look vaguely similar and familiar .
not certain . unfamiliar faces .
i am fairly certain .. i am fairly certain because i do not recognize the faces shown above .
a bit . no one looked more familiar than the others
mi almost sure . i feel like i recall seeing the face before
i 'm almost positive . i do n't remember any of them
the face looks very similar to the one i seen yesterday . hair cut and the eye shape and color
almost certain . looks very familiar
i definitely do n't remember seeing any of these faces . so i 'm pretty certain . none of these faces looked familiar to me , but the one on the bottom right might of been my other option .
somewhat certain , his face seems familiar . . i believe that i saw his face yesterday .
i think i saw this one . he looks familiar
somewhat . head position and lighting , again
certain . none of those faces looked familiar
not at all . he sort of looks familiar . i remember someone looking like kenya west .
somewhat certain . i do n't think anyone had this haircut .
i do not recall any of these faces and i 'm pretty certain of that .. i do n't recall these faces as they seem to similar i 'm pretty certain .
not so sure . in not that certain that i saw any of these
pretty certain . same eyes and ears , mouth shape .
very . i did not see any of these guys HAPAX
fairly certain . he looked familiar .
kind of . facial hair
certain . looks extremely familiar
pretty certain .. his face looks very familiar
i am very certain this man was present before .. he looks exactly like one of the men . i noticed him right away .
positive . i am positive this picture was from the DIS , every time it DIS up he reminded me of a famous actor and thatch how i remember that he was from before .
somewhat sure . this face seems the most familiar no specific details
moderately certain .. i do not recall any of these faces .
looks somewhat familiar . his head shape looks familiar
not very certain . i 'm just not sure
certain . hair part , eye brows looked familiar .
100 percent .. i remember this guy
somewhat certain . his face looks a bit familiar with the same look on his face
i think i am correct . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
not very . the shirts are throwing me off .
very certain . none of these guys have the same features as earlier
kind of . no one struck me as familiar
DIS . i think i remember the dead look in his face
just a little certain . i could be thinking of another picture i saw with similar hair
mostly certain . none of the facial expressions or features look familiar .
somewhat . i recognize the upper half of the face but it 's hard to tell without a smile
i am mostly certain . i do n't think i 've seen these guys before , almost positively not .
somewhat . had brown hair previously
i am 80 % certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of the above faces .
not very . i think i remember someone with that face shape , but not clearly
sure . i remember someone who looked like a DIS kenya west
certain . his hair , his eyebrows and eyes , his facial structure .
unsure . i 'm HAPAX HAPAX an idea of who might be previously seen at this point in the study
pretty certain . i recognize his HAPAX nose .
i slightly recall this face . he looks sort of familiar
not very certain . i remember seeing someone with big hair but i 'm not sure if its this person
i am sure that i saw this person previously .. i know that i saw him because i remember thinking that he looked kind of like kenya west .
a little certain . i do n't remember seeing a red shirt on anyone
i am not very certain but i think i have seen this face before . he just looks familiar from yesterday
i 'm pretty sure . i remember his chin
50 . none of these faces look familiar to me
his eye and cheek structure . cheek and eye structure
uncertain . he looks slightly familiar
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
none seem familiar . do not remember any of these faces
i am about 30 percent certain that i saw him yesterday .. he just looks very familiar .
maybe i 'm not sure . the hair is the same but the expression is different
very sure . none of these faces were in the line up yesterday .
somewhat . his very blue eyes look familiar .
absolutely sure . i remember his slight faro hair style
a little certain . i think this guy was in it , the others were n't and i recall a similar appearance
fairly certain . hair and ears .
somewhat certain . i do not remember any resemblance to these faces .
somewhat . i think i 've seen him before .
somewhat certain . i think i remember his face shape
i do n't recall any of those faces either . . i still do n't recall any
not very certain . i think i recognize his hair
not very . do n't clearly recognize anyone
i do n't remember any of these people . i do n't remember any of these guys .
certain . he looks like someone familiar based on his hair and facial expression
i do not recognize anyone from this group . . none of them look like i have seen them before .
pretty sure . do n't recognize any of the faces .
i am almost certain , . blonde hair .
not certain . they all look the same
pretty sure . i remember seeing this face
certain . these faces are not familiar as to being seen earlier
i 'm pretty certain i have seen this face before . . i feel confident about saying i 'm pretty certain about seeing this face before .
50 % . red shirt and faro
somewhat certain .. none of the guys look familiar .
no one rings a bell but i 'm probably wrong .. i think the expressions and change in lighting is throwing me off
pretty sure . none of these faces are familiar
very . i do n't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos .
somewhat . do n't see
very certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
not very certain . they do n't look familiar
very certain . clearly remember this face and hair cut
looks very familiar . familiar
not so certain , but maybe .. he looks familiar but i 'm not exactly sure .
somewhat certain . i remember someone having these eyes or similar
not very . i do n't remember these faces
not at all . i really HAPAX to see the faces again , i do n't remember any of them .
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before
certain . remember his features
i 'm fairly certain .. i remember this man 's face .
i am not very certain at all .. i think i saw that face , but with a different haircut .
i am certain . none are familiar .
i am uncertain i have seen these faces before .. because none of them seem familiar to me
pretty sure . i do n't recall seeing any of these people .
a little certain . i remember seeing someone with that hair and that DIS
a bit . no one is familiar .
somewhat certain . . i do n't have any familiarity with any of these faces .
uncertain . i do n't know
not very certain . . two of these faces look familiar , but i ca n't place any features that i remember specifically .
did not recognize these people . i do n't remember these faces at all
pretty certain . the face structure and head shape
very little . i font recognize anyone
pretty sure i saw this guy yesterday .. i remember his expression .
i am sure that he was before . his DIS
not very . different lighting and facial expression
mi not . nobody looks familiar
i am just a bit certain that i saw him . . his face is familiar , but i think that his hair was HAPAX .
i am 60 percent certain that i 've seen this face .. he looks similar to one of the previous faces but i 'm not a 100 percent certain .
definitely saw this guy . remember the DIS
unsure . i think he looks familiar .
i am certain .. i remember this man from yesterday , i recognize his eyes .
pretty sure . recognized .
very certain . that smug look
somewhat . no one is jumping out at me again
about 50 % certain .. i had to pick between two of them .
i am fairly certain i saw this person . i think i remember his bangs
maybe . ca nt remember
pretty sure . sure i saw him
very uncertain . . there are two that look like people from before . and it could be none at all .
somewhat certain . his expression looked familiar
pretty certain . i think i have seen this face before
100 % there was something about this individual that stuck with me when viewing the photos . i remember him because he was half smiling and i thought it was strange that everyone else had a big smile
i am fairly certain , however the first man looks familiar . i do n't recognize any , but the first guy looks familiar .
pretty certain . the eyes
not too certain .. i do not recall any of these photos .
extremely certain . i remember this person from before because of his bone structure . i think he was wearing a HAPAX shirt in the previous DIS of pictures so that made him DIS to remember as well .
somewhat . no familiar faces
positive . remember the mustache .
somewhat . i do n't recognize any of them at all maybe but first DIS i did n't so i went with it .
not positive , but i think his photo was shown yesterday .. looks familiar .
sort of . i think i remember seeing him and DIS the hair .
certain . recall the face
not certain . i do n't remember the face
fairly certain . his face looks like one i seen yesterday
kinda . DIS chin
very certain . i 'm pretty sure i remember seeing him yesterday
i am again certain i saw this guy .. he looks like someone i know .
not very . i think i remember seeing him
uncertain . do not remember any of these faces .
very certain . i do n't remember any of these guys .
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday .. none of these faces look familiar to me .
pretty sure . his nose gave him away
he looks somewhat familiar . looks very similar to someone i saw before .
very . i recall no people at all
i am fairly certain that none of the these faces look familiar . none of these faces look familiar .
i 'm rather certain . i remember the hair style and face
not very . none of them look familiar but i am HAPAX my memory
very certain . none of these people had the same features as earlier
pretty sure . do n't look familiar
somewhat . none of them look familiar
moderately certain .. i do not recall seeing any of these faces in the photos .
not even a little . eyebrows and goatee are familiar
completely certain .. i remember him from the photos .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . i think i would remember
i am fairly certain .. his smile looks familiar , but the face is a little off
a little bit . the eyes are familiar , and the hair
i 'm not really sure but have a feeling .. its just a feeling .
somewhat certain . none of these faces look familiar
relatively certain . the hair seems familiar
not really . no one rang a bell
very . i remember seeing his face yesterday .
not very . he looks the most familiar
sort of certain .. i do not recall seeing any of these faces .
not very certain . the individual looks kind of familiar , but i 'm not sure .
mostly certain . he had a very distinct look .
somewhat certain . his face seemed familiar .
extremely certain . i remember his distinct hair and his eyes .
slightly . looks familiar
not certain . i font think they are any of the kids
very certain . i remember the hair and facial hair as well
i 'm about 65 percent certain i did not see any of these men .. none of these men look familiar .
pretty sure . that face looks familiar . the others look HAPAX .
i do n't recall any of these faces . i think i would remember if i saw any of these features
very confident . i have no memory of any of these faces
unsure . not certain
somewhat . looks similar
very certain .. i remember seeing a face that looked like kenya west , and this individual looks like kenya west .
uncertain . the eyes look slightly familiar
fairly certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
kind of . none of these guys look familiar
certain . definitely remember this guy .
almost certain . none of these look familiar
not very certain . i ca n't find any familiar faces or features here
this person looks like someone from yesterday . the facial expressions and eyes stand out to me
somewhat certain . the man i chose looks familiar but not entirely sure .
not certain at all . three and HAPAX look familiar but i 'm really not sure .
most . font remember any faces .
i 'm almost completely certain .. i remember seeing someone like him .
i am not confident about this line up . no one here has any features i can remember
somewhat certain . none of their faces look familiar to me
semi certain . this guy looks kinda familiar
more positive than with the last few ! still not absolutely certain , though . the faces are starting to DIS together and now i 'm afraid i just saw him in a previous lineup today .
i have not seen any of these people before .. i have not seen them before .
i am fairly sure . none of these faces are familiar
not very . just feels familiar .
some . none of them look familiar
fairly . not completely sure
i am very uncertain . the face looks familiar but i am still unsure
none of them look like . none of them look like anyone from past survey
pretty certain . i font think i remember seeing any of these guys .
not very certain . none stand out to me
80 % sure . i do n't feel like i 've seen any of these people .
very unsure . seems familiar , but unsure
somewhat . no familiar faces
not really certain about this one . i think his hair looks familiar .
i do not remember any of these faces . none of the faces stand out as one that i have seen or spark any memory
i 'm confident that i 've seen this person earlier .. this person looks very similar to an individual that i know , and i recognize the photo from earlier .
i think this was one of the guys .. i am almost sure .
very sure . i do n't recall these faces .
not certain at all . he looks familiar in his face but i am not sure
very certain . i definitely recognize this face as previously seen . same look on face and hair .
pretty sure . i do n't recognize anyone .
unsure . i really DIS the faces yesterday and nothing stands out here .
fairly certain . not totally sure , because i think he was smiling in
certain . i remember the neck
they do n't look familiar . i have n't seen this photo before .
again , not for sure but he looks familiar . . his eyes look familiar .
i do n't know . i do n't think any of these guys look familiar
not certain . i just do not recognize any of these people .
low certainty .. i do n't remember any of these individuals in particular .
not certain . i do n't think i recognize any of them but i 'm not sure .
mi pretty certain . i font recognize anyone
kind of certain . i do n't remember any of these guys .
kinda sure . these faces do not look familiar
i clearly remember seeing him .. i clearly remember the facial features and haircut .
fairly . looks similar
partially . face seems familiar compared to the others .
moderately certain . i do n't remember seeing any of the men in these photos
i feel like i 'm 80 % it 's not present , but one face looks kind of familiar but i 'm choosing that it 's not .. i feel like the people i have seen are not present but the person on the second row in the middle is giving me a hard to as to if i 've seen him or not .
a little certain . his face shape and eyes look familiar .
not sure . nothing familiar
certain . remember the slight HAPAX
i do not recall these men . i do not recall these men
i think i saw this guy , but i could be wrong . i am not 100 % sure .
reasonably . none of these faces look at all familiar
i 'm fairly certain . . i do n't exactly remember them from yesterday
i am certain i have not seen these guys . i have not seen them .
pretty sure . i 'm sure
his face is plain . i remember a face that looked kind of plain
i 'm pretty certain that he was in the lineup .. i recognize the face and hair , but the shirt is different .
i am not fully certain . his face looks the most familiar but i think it was a different picture of him
pretty certain . i seem to recall him
somewhat certain . i remember someone with facial hair that looked like this
not very certain . i ca n't be sure , some of the pictures are vaguely familiar but i ca n't be sure
certain . no one is present from lineup .
i think i saw him , but not sure .. i am not at all sure i saw him .
i remember this face . i remember seeing this face yesterday so i am pretty sure
semi . nose looks familiar
i am not sure . not sure if i remember him of is because i found him attractive
i 'm like 80 % on this one . i seem to remember him based on his facial hair
not very certain at all .. i think i remember he had a HAPAX head .
fairly . do n't see any familiar face
somewhat . i do n't recognize anyone
not sure at all . . i think i saw this guy yesterday , but i 'm not positive .
fairly . he looked vaguely familiar , plus i swear i saw the same hair on one of the original photos
i made this decision very DIS . i am almost 100 % certain i saw his face yesterday . . the hair cut is unique , skin tone matches , shape of face and set of the eyes are all familiar .
none of these faces look familiar . i do n't recognize any of the faces
i think i remember him . i remember seeing him i think
i 'm fairly certain that the gentleman i chose above is one that i saw in yesterday 's lineup .. i remembered thinking yesterday that he was a really good looking guy , so i just remembered his face pretty well .
fairly certain . none look familiar .
little certain . font remember seeing any of these faces
i 'm pretty certain .. i do not remember any of their faces .
i think i am certain .. i just do n't recognize any of these faces .
i am fairly certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
kind of sure .. i think i remember seeing that haircut ( especially the sideburns ) and eyebrows . he looks like a frat guy , and i remember thinking that about someone yesterday .
maybe 30 % certain . i do n't recognize any of their lips . i was HAPAX on remembering lips and eyebrows
moderately . i remember goatee guy , but there are two similar looking guys
i do not know . black people are hard to pick out
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
i am about 70 % sure . the shirt and facial features stand out to me .
i 'm not certain but the nose looks familiar . nose appears familiar
pretty certain . i think i saw him .
certain . these face so not look familiar
pretty certain . looks familiar
fairly certain . i remember thinking he looks like kenya west
positive . showed up often
unsure . unsure i have seen him
not certain . kind of remember his face
i think . i think i recognize this guy
middle of the road . the jawline looks familiar
somewhat certain . not sure i have seen any of these before
i kind of think i saw this person .. his facial structure reminds me of some of the people i saw earlier .
a little certain . i do n't remember seeing any of them
unsure . not certain
reasonably certain . i immediately noticed that this individual looks familiar
50 percent certain . . font recognize them
fairly confident . i remember the shape of his face and eyes
pretty certain . i do not recognize any of them
not very certain . nobody seems memorable
not sure at all . i do n't think i recognize any of these people
certain . i recognize his eyes .
somewhat . not remembering anyone
not very . i do not recognize any of the faces from before .
very certain . i am certain
absolutely certain . . he looks like kenya west , and i remember him during the activity .
not sure . do n't remember
not very . some of them kinda look familiar but not really
slightly positive . i remember the mustache
confident i have not seen these ones . in sure because i font recall theses head shapes
again , i do n't think these guys look familiar .. i do n't think i saw the yesterday , they seem like new people to me .
not at all certain . i font ' think there were black guys in my lineup
i do not recall any of these faces .. pretty sure i did not see any of these faces yesterday .
not very . hair looks familiar but DIS i am not certain .
pretty sure . remember the hair .
i recall this face , because he struck me as handsome . thin face , pointed chin , light facial hair
not very certain . i believe this face is familiar , i believe i saw it yesterday
not . not
none look familiar . i font recall any of these faces
i remember seeing this gentleman . i remember his face .
i am certain . none of these faces seem familiar to me .
i feel pretty confident that i 've seen this guy earlier in the study . the jawline & cheekbones are distinctive and seem familiar , as does the shape of the eyebrows and the HAPAX eyes .
not sure at all . nothing stands out
half certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these people previously .
not certain at all . i feel like i remember slightly the DIS look
none of the males look familiar in this lineup .. i am almost certain that none of these were present because they do not look familiar at all .
60 percent . his hair and eyes looked familiar
i am 100 % as i thought he was really cute . . i remembered his photo .
image looks familiar but i do not specifically remember the face from the photo . see above
i do n't remember seeing any of these men yesterday .. they do n't stand out to me at all .
i am pretty certain that none of these people have been previously witnessed . i do n't remember any of these people .
somewhat . not very sure
could have seen him ? . in really not confident that ice seen him
HAPAX certainty , but one face seems vaguely familiar , just slightly off .. none felt strong enough matches .
a little certain . no one jumps out at me
maybe 50 - 50 . the eyebrows and ears seem familiar
certain . i do n't see a face i recognize
they look different than i remember . ca nt recognize
eh kind of . i notice hair more , no hair differences .
they are similar but i am not remembering completely .. he looks like the one i remember out of all of them .
somewhat certain . i have two HAPAX of DIS that look familiar so in unsure i selected the correct option
not at all certain . have a feeling i 've seen him before
not very . i did n't recognize any of the guys .
think so . faro .
slightly . not for sure but remember a mustache
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
not very certain . this guy looks somewhat familiar
it was the same face . it was the same face
i am certain . i never saw these faces
not sure . again , i keep second guessing myself because i do n't recognize anyone
very . i remember thinking how round his hair was .
i am absolutely certain . i do not recognize any of the faces above .
slightly certain . not HAPAX sure
very . after looking over his face i knew i recognized him .
unsure . i font recognize any of them
very certain . none of the pictures above look familiar
i font recall any of them . i font remember any of the faces
somewhat certain . seems familiar
i am almost certain i saw this yesterday . . the eyebrows are what i remember about this person .
i would n't HAPAX to it . i think he looks familiar , but not sure .
i do n't recall any of these faces .. i do not believe that i 've seen any of these faces previously .
fairly certain . size of nose and cheek bone structure .
not that sure . i remember similar facial hair .
i am pretty sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't believe i have seen any of the faces .
person has a HAPAX DIS look .. person is smaller then the other pictures provided .
i 'm pretty certain .. i remember seeing this guy because i thought he looked like kenya west .
certain . font remember any of these faces .
not very certain . all the faces look about the same , so i ca n't decide if i saw them or not .
pretty certain . remember this one HAPAX
mostly certain . i did not recognize any of the faces .
i am a little certain .. he seemed to stick out and look familiar to me .
not certain . just a DIS
slightly certain .. i do n't specifically remember any of these people . a few i could have seen , but i 'm not sure .
remember . he had a chain
pretty sure . i 'm pretty sure i remember that beard
50 % . looks like one of the subjects but not sure
i am confident i have never seen them before . the head shapes are all similar here
not very . they are all wearing the same thing
maybe . could be someone i saw yesterday
i am a little more certain of this one , but certainly would n't bet my HAPAX on it .. just seems to match what i remember from yesterday .
i remember seeing this one . i recognize the facial hair and features
i am almost certain . the darkness of his skin
reasonably certain . same face .
not certain at all .. i can not pick out a person above that was present . none of the faces seem familiar .
i am very certain . these faces seem unfamiliar yet again
slightly certain . he looks familiar , maybe with different hair .
absolutely certain .. because i remember him being one of the first people presented in the photos .
i am pretty certain i have n't seen any of the people above before . no one looks familiar
completely . i remember his hair .
somewhat . none look familiar
pretty certain . none of them look familiar .
certain . almost positive i remember this person
i font remember seeing any of these . i really just do n't remember
i am pretty sure i remember this guy .. i remember him because he looks like the actor from HAPAX from the past .
absolutely certain .. i remember his goatee and face shape .
relatively .. the facial features do n't match up .
i do n't remember any of these guys . no recognizable traits
not certain at all . i slightly think i have seen his face but i am not sure
pretty certain . i remember his haircut and eyes but he was wearing a different shirt
totally . i saw him
somewhat . with the head tilt , hair and nose reminds me of one in the previous lineup
sort of certain . i feel like i have seen this guy 's hairstyle before
somewhat . pretty sure i remember this person
not very certain . i do n't remember any of the faces there
very certain . these guys font look familiar .
i am not really that postie on this one , i HAPAX on the one i thought i had seen . in really not sure . he looks familiar like i had seen him in the lineup last night
very certain . i have never seen these men .
absolutely sure . the skin , hair , eyes and mouth i remember
not too certain . his face is familiar , but hard to place .
in kind of sure . he looked vaguely familiar .
somewhat certain . i know one of these was in the lineup but the faces are really similar
positive . DIS brow .
not certain . he looks similar to one of the HAPAX set
75 % . eyes and hair , race are familiar
very certain . his head is kinda pointy .
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
very . i recognized him .
completely certain . i know that i saw this man in the previous photos . i remember his jawline and his eyes .
fairly certain . he seems familiar
" not sure ! . i do n't recognize any of these faces but i am pretty sure i would n't be getting this many " " not present " " DIS "
completely certain . i do n't recall any of these faces
very . i remember his eyes .
very certain . stood out immediately
kind of certain . no one looks familiar
i do n't think i 've seen any of these . . none of them look familiar .
i 'm fairly certain i saw this person .. i think i recognize his hair mainly .
unsure . do n't recognize any faces
very uncertain . . all the men in the line up have the same look . hair color and hairstyle are very similar . i am having real trouble DIS which one i saw yesterday
i do not recognize any of them . . no details stand out .
certain . did not recognize any faces from the line up .
not sure , they look all similar . i could not remember
" HAPAX goatee , short hair . " " HAPAX " " goatee is n't hard to forget . hair is short . "
uncertain . noon here looks familiar
very . none look familiar
i am not to certain . i font recall any of the features on these ones .
fairly . none look similar
pretty certain .. same facial hair and look on his face .
no one looks familiar to me . they do n't look familiar
i do n't recall seeing any of those men earlier .. none of their facial features match what i remember from the earlier photo set .
not very certain . i think i remember someone with a head shaped like his
he was on the first pictures . i remember his face
pretty sure . i do n't remember seeing any of those faces .
it was the same face . it was the same face
certain . i remember this particular hairstyle .
positive . i did n't see any of them yesterday survey
certain . font recall face
very certain . i know i have not seen any of these faces .
i font see any one familiar . i font remember seeing any of these guys
i 'm fairly certain . . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i do n't recognize any of these faces . they all look weird and HAPAX HAPAX .
certain . i do n't really remember any of these guys .
not certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
not certain . none of these guys look familiar .
very certain . he is not present
certain . not totally sure
pretty sure . he looks a bit different from his earlier photo , but i think it 's him .
i 'm only a little certain .. this man look familiar but i 'm not sure i saw him in the previous photos .
i think i remember this guy , but i 'm only somewhat certain . i think i remember this person 's chin from the lineup , but that is DIS a small HAPAX for it to HAPAX on
slightly certain , but not very . i think i recognize the haircut .
very . i have never seen these people before
mi so close . i remember eyes like that and the jaw line
a HAPAX 60 percent . he looks familiar to me
certain . the hair and nose are the same .
not very certain . i do n't really recognize any of them
quite certain . his smile
uncertain . i ca n't remember any of these .
pretty . looks familiar
somewhat certain . none of these faces look familiar
not really sure but i think i saw him . his facial features - ears , eyes and head shape seem familiar
very . none of them are recognizable as those in the line up .
i think i may have seen him in the previous faces .. his hair looks familiar .
not very . he looks familiar to me
somewhat uncertain . the man 's face i chose is very familiar , and i know i saw a face that looked similar to that .
somewhat certain .. again , none look overly familiar .
do n't recall any of these . no traits that i recall
very . none of them look familiar
kind of certain . i do n't recognize any of them
i 'm about 80 % sure none of these guys were in the first line up . . none of their details stand out to me .
pretty sure . none of these men look familiar
mostly certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
fairly uncertain .. the haircut and expression seem familiar , and maybe the eyes , but most of these images have similar haircuts .
somewhat certain . facial hair .
certain . do n't recall seeing
very certain . i have seen this face
none of these faces look familiar so pretty sure . none seem any bit familiar
not at all . i remember several of the guys having longer hair , so i selected him based on that .
pretty sure . font recognize
i think he is one of the people i saw . he looks slightly familiar , and the other guys have characteristics that i think i would remember . the one guy has a really pointy head , another has a big head , another has tiny ears . i think i remember seeing the guy because i liked his eyes .
pretty sure . i think i recognize this person 's eyes
i am almost certain he was in the lineup yesterday . the color of his hair is familiar , his eyes are familiar , his expression is familiar .
DIS certain . not sure if i saw them . i have seen a lot of different faces at this point .
i 'm pretty certain these men were not shown . none of them look familiar at all
not very certain .. the beard .
pretty sure . none of these guys look familiar .
certain . was in previous pictures
a little certain . . i feel this face is familiar . i think i may have seen this face yesterday .
i am certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these men above .
moderately . i remember this HAPAX
i feel a little more than halfway sure . . the nose looks familiar .
very certain . none look familiar .
none look familiar . i do not remember any of these
kinda certain . the facial hair looks familiar
very certain . he looks kinda like kenya
a little certain .. i do n't think i remember any of those faces .
decently . none
very certain . none of the faces pictured above look remotely familiar .
looks similar to a face i saw previously . the red shirt
i am certain .. i nicknamed some of the faces and i remember this one as kenya west .
slightly certain . these faces do not look familiar
pretty certain . i do n't think i saw any .
i am pretty certain .. the facial expression in particular seems very familiar .
pretty sure . i remember his short neck
somewhat certain . the face looks a little familiar from the faces i saw previously
HAPAX pretty unsure . he 's a little familiar . but now i 'm HAPAX because i feel very uncertain that no one would be the correct
kind of . smug look .
i 'm almost certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
not certain .. again , i ca n't tell
not a HAPAX witness .. same reason
somewhat certain . the one on the bottom - right looks familiar but i do n't really remember seeing any of these people
somewhat certain . facial hair .
i am not too certain of the choice i made due to DIS of the HAPAX .. i am confused as to which study i should HAPAX to in HAPAX to answer this present question .
i do n't recognize anyone . because , they all have different facial features .
i am almost positive i have seen this one . the face seems to stick out in my mind .
not very certain of my answer .. the first two kinda look familiar but not really sure .
somewhat certain . the goatee and hairline of this person looks similar to one of the pictures shown before
maybe half certain .. there is nothing specific , other than i feel like i recognize the face
i 'm not certain . maybe 30 % .. i do n't recall any of these faces , but the facial expressions could be throwing me off .
i am completely sure i remember him .. i definitely remember that exact face and expression .
not very . this person looks familiar , but now i 'm not sure if i saw him in the first HAPAX or in the lineup HAPAX ( or both i HAPAX ) .
somewhat certain . i feel like i have seen him and his hair before .
i remember this guy . the hair and the face are recognizable
certain . remember facial features
fairly sure . i am fairly sure i saw this face
i remember seeing this face in yesterdays lineup . . i remember his hair and face from the lineup .
not at all . they all look the same
not really . i am not really sure if i saw this one .
less certain than before . i do n't remember everyone wearing the same shirt yesterday
i am certain .. i recognize the hair and the face .
60 . his eyebrows look familiar to me .
i am somewhat certain .. i thought i remember seeing him .
certain . one looked slightly familiar .
i am fairly certain about my selection . i recall seeing this man before .
i 'm about 40 % certain that i recognize his face . . i do n't really have DIS other than his smile . i do feel like i 've seen his face and that he was smiling in the first set of photos .
not very . there were a lot of faces , and i 'm having trouble remembering some .
fairly certain . i remember his face
i 'm fairly certain i 've seen that person in the previous pictures .. he has similar features as the previous pictures .
not certain . i kind of remember his face .
not too certain . i do n't think i saw any of them yesterday
very certain this is one . i recognize his face
fairly certain . do not recognize any of the faces .
i haven seen these pics . mi sure i have not seen these pics .
i am positive i saw him yesterday .. he stood out to me yesterday . just his hair and general appearance . i remember thinking he looked like he was from the HAPAX 's .
not certain . not seeing anything familiar here .
very certain . the HAPAX eyebrows of the above lineup are HAPAX different from the faces i remember .
not very certain . he looks vaguely familiar , but not certain
i 'm certain . i remember him
moderately certain . i recognized the lip shape , the slightly DIS but DIS eyebrows , and the facial hair DIS .
not sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
i 'm almost 100 % sure i saw him yesterday .. i really recognize his face .
uncertain . don remember the faces
not very . they all look the same
certain . i do n't remember this
not . not
i believe i saw him yesterday . his eye shape seems very distinctive and i believe i saw him yesterday
i am pretty certain i did n't see them .. i do n't recall any of those faces .
mostly . his nose looks familiar
a little . i remember kind eyes on one
fairly certain i 've seen him . his face and eyes
very certain . i have seen him before
i 'm mostly certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i just have a vague memory of seeing him . i ca n't say much HAPAX having a vague recollection
pretty certain . none of them look familiar .
i am half certain of this choice . these faces do not seem familiar from either study
fairly certain . i remember the haircut , chin , and facial hair .
certain . they were n't show before .
not terribly . seems somewhat familiar , set of the eyes
this is very tough . not positive at all . i do n't think i recall seeing any of these men though .
HAPAX % . i was told to
pretty sure . i seen a man in a red shirt but the faces are not ringing a bell
i 'm almost positive .. i remember his haircut and his cheekbones .
i might have seen him .. his facial hair looks familiar .
about fifty - fifty . i think i 'm right , but not sure
very uncertain . i wonder if i saw him in a previous lineup , not the original pics
not very certain . . this man has similar features to some of the men i saw , but i do n't remember him specifically .
most certain .. i do n't remember seeing anyone with the hair or facial features of these guys yesterday .
slightly . nobody looks familiar enough for me to be certain .
i am not very certain at all .. i am not sure if that man was pictured previously , but he appears to seem very familiar . his eyes are what i feel like i am remembering .
absolutely . i recognize his distinctive hairline and eye shape .
mostly certain . i feel like i paid pretty good attention to the faces , and i do n't recall seeing any of the ones above
the person has a smaller head .. the person is not present 2 times .
DIS out of 10 . unsure
again , only slightly . most were looking dead DIS like this guy
in a little more DIS i saw this one . i think i recall the hairline and small eyes and DIS cheeks
i do n't remember any of these people . because none of them spark a memory
very certain . i do n't remember anyone with a pointy DIS
certain . seems familiar
i 'm not 100 % certain but i do n't think i saw any of these people previously .. i saw some people with similar hair styles but i do n't believe the eyes or other features are anyone i previously saw .
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i am not very certain but something in his eyes looks familiar . his eyes . i think if he was in my pics he had a different expression
extremely . did not see him
uncertain . their facial hair does n't look familiar
positive . never seen these guys before
maybe . not sure
i am 100 % certain i saw this face previously .. i very DIS remember seeing this face .
quite certain . i remember the particular shape of his nostrils / nose
very certain . i saw this face .
i 'm not certain at all .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
font know . font know
i am very certain . . i do not recall seeing this person yesterday .
50/50 . none of these faces look familiar
very certain . this guy was DIS like this in all of his pictures .
pretty sure .. i do n't recognize any of these faces .
i am certain . he 's a pretty good - looking guy , so i remember him .
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
certain . i feel i have n't seen them before .
slightly sure . i think i remember this one
somewhat . again , none of these faces look familiar
certain . do n't remember any of them
very . i remember none of these guys
fairly certain . i did not recognize the faces .
uncertain . unsure
10 . not very sure
i am not very certain .. the haircut seems very familiar , but they all have it . the faces do n't seem very familiar .
i 'm pretty certain about this one . i do n't remember seeing any of these men before when being listed .
pretty sure . just did n't look familiar .
i think this guy had on a plaid shirt before , but i ca n't be certain .. i 'm not certain that i saw the person in the picture .
not sure at all . i think he looks familiar due to his face
very . face structure is wrong
i am certain .. i do n't remember any of these characteristics .
i 'm pretty sure i saw him previously .. i remember his facial hair .
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of them
not certain at all . i 'm going back and HAPAX on one of the faces but am leaning towards not having seen him
pretty certain . i remember his haircut and how it went up in the front
somewhat certain .. his hair and face shape look familiar .
almost certain . because i 'm almost certain
slightly . looks kind of familiar .
i am about 75 % certain i did not see any of these men .. i do not remember any of them .
fairly certain . did n't recognize any faces
certain . do n't recognize anybody .
very certain . i remember him because i thought he looked like puff daddy .
not very . similar looking individuals in the lineup
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
somewhat certain . don remember these people
fairly certain . i believe this face to be familiar , like i saw it yesterday .
somewhat certain . looks familiar
i 'm 80 percent certain .. none of these faces look familiar but i might not remember them .
remember . HAPAX way his hair is
very little . he looks familiar but i am not sure
i am pretty certain i saw that man .. i feel like i remember his face from yesterday .
DIS stands out to be so i font think i saw any yesterday .. none of the faces look familiar .
certain . they do n't look familiar .
i do not think i saw any of these men . none of the faces look familiar .
very . font remember any of these
DIS , this is hard . slightly sure . they do not stand out in my mind
90 % . i recall his expression
he looks really familiar . not the others at all . . some of his facial features really stood out .
not very certain . he seems familiar but ca nt be sure
certain . i remember his face
somewhat certain . i do n't remember these faces
certain . these faces do n't look familiar
a little certain . something about his face seems familiar
sure . not sure
not sure at all . in starting to feel like i 've just simply forgotten who i saw but again none look familiar
not very certain . he kind looks familiar if he were smiling
i do not remember seeing any of these faces . none of these faces stand out
a little certain . the man looks a little familiar .
i am not certain i saw this person . this person does look slightly familiar , but once again i am not 100 % sure .
not very certain . this gentleman 's appearance looks very similar to one of the previous pictures
very certain . i remember the shape of his chin and facial hair .
i am pretty sure .. i do n't remember any of these faces .
uncertain . looks similar to someone i HAPAX in photos
sure . i font recognize any
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
somewhat . i think i saw him wearing a different shirt
slightly certain . i think i saw this man yesterday .
very . i recognize him
not very certain about this one . he looks like HAPAX HAPAX . that is what DIS my memory
pretty sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
he seems familiar but i 'm not sure . he was smiling yesterday but the face looks the same
i am fairly certain .. his overall DIS and facial features stand out .
reasonably certain . i nicknamed that one HAPAX black guy before . he looks HAPAX now , but pretty sure that is him
i do n't remember any of the faces above .. none of the faces pictured seem familiar to me , i do n't remember them .
not very sure . two seem familiar , but i 'm not sure if it 's them .
fairly certain . do not remember seeing any of them .
not sure at all . looks vaguely familiar
at this point not certain at all .. DIS remembering back now is getting harder .
i do not remember seeing anyone similar to anyone in the lineup . i just do n't remember seeing these faces
i am fairly uncertain . i do n't remember anyone of this particular HAPAX ( dark hair , dark eyes , HAPAX skin ) in the photos from yesterday , but i 'm not confident i 'm not just mistaken
definitely ! . hard to say , i just remember his face !
a bit . do n't seem familiar
only slightly certain . hair color , style , mouth .
not certain . do n't think i saw him
fairly . nobody looks familiar
these men all look similar but they do n't look familiar . . they are not familiar and do n't have features i remember .
very certain . none of these were shown .
sure . they do n't look familiar at all to me
i 'm most certain so far about this face . . his hair is very unique .
looks somewhat familiar . looks familiar
pretty certain . noon looked familiar .
very uncertain . looks a little familiar but i could be wrong
moderately certain . the hair is shorter but the nose and eyes look similar to the pictures shown before
uncertain . no recollection of any of these faces
do n't recognize anybody .... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
20 % . i was told to
a little bit . i think it was the first guy
very . none of these faces are familiar .
20 percent . his eyes looked somewhat familiar but i 'm not sure
fairly certain . none look familiar .
certain . his nose and the DIS between the mouth and nose .
i am 100 percent positive i saw him yesterday .. i know for sure he was included yesterday because he looks like kenya west !
kinda . i think he was smiling before .
pretty certain . none of them look familiar at all .
not certain at all . there were two faces that both seemed somewhat familiar
mi not . i font recognize anyone
i am somewhat confident .. i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
kind of but not really .. they do n't look familiar .
certain . i recognize his hair and his facial expression .
pretty certain . i did n't see anyone who looked like these DIS .
totally . the DIS of the mouth , the hair and eyes . i remember thinking this one looked a bit mentally HAPAX .
not very certain . he seems a little familiar
i am not very certain at all . i do n't recall seeing any of the haircuts that were shown , but i 'm having a difficult time remembering
i 'm not sure . i do n't remember a lot of the faces which is making me second guess my choice .
somewhat certain . the HAPAX face and dark around the eyes looks similar
somewhat certain . none of them ring a bell
not very . i do n't recognize any of them .
somewhat . none of these faces look familiar
i am certain i do not remember these faces .. these faces do not seem familiar .
almost certain . do not remember any of them .
certain . i saw this face .
i am certain that i have not witnessed any of these people before . i do n't remember any of their faces .
he stood out right away . i recognized the jawline .
i think i remember seeing him . he looks familiar but i ca nt say that in absolutely positive
very certain . his eyes are familiar .
i do n't recall any of these faces , a couple seem somewhat familiar but i ca n't HAPAX HAPAX on them .. i do n't recall these faces one or two seem like i may have seen them before but it 's not HAPAX .
moderately . i 'm almost sure i 've never seen any of these men before
very . none are familiar .
i do n't recall any of these men from the photos yesterday . none of these men look familiar
i 'm kind of certain . i remember the hair
pretty certain . i definitely remember this face
i do n't recognize any of the faces from yesterday . these photos do n't seem familiar
somewhat certain . i remember the hairstyle , pretty sure i saw this guy from a different angle
i 'm positive this man is the same as a photo from yesterday . he has these eyes , very big and unique
not very certain at all . the photo feels like it looks familiar , but i really have no idea .
pretty certain . none seem familiar
fairly . the hairstyle looks familiar
not very . i did n't recognize any , but that does n't mean they are not present
very certain . awkward smile from the previous test
pretty sure . his facial structure looks very familiar as does his facial expression .
pretty certain . i font see a face i saw in the line up .
not very . some of them kinda look familiar
somewhat sure . not sure on details
mi almost certain . he looks very familiar
completely certain . recognize the face , hair and eyebrows
75 % , he looks familiar .. the other guys i do n't recall at all .
kind of certain . i think i recognize his eyes
looks like someone i saw . looks similar
slight . very similar
not very certain . no features or men stick out to me as familiar
i 'm not entirely sure about this one . he seems familiar , but so does the one above him .
certain . none of these faces are familiar as to seeing earlier
a little . does not look familiar
not very certain at all . there are a couple that look familiar , but i would n't be able to choose just one , so i do n't think i 've seen any of them before .
i am very certain . he has a particular look in his eye that i remember , and i remembered him especially because he 's handsome
kind of sure . he has a familiar face
somewhat certain .. i think i have seen his face before . the expression feels familiar .
i am very certain . i remember his picture
somewhat . no one looks familiar .
not extremely sure .. he looks familiar .
i am not all that certain . he seemed vaguely familiar but i could be making that up .. i just think i remember seeing him .
i 'm not totally sure , but i 'm somewhat sure . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i do n't remember any of these guys .. i think they all look a little like the same person .
fairly certain . do n't remember any of these people .
mostly certain . i remember this guys chin being tilted up like that and thought he was HAPAX looking .
somewhat . none of these guys stand out as people i 'm familiar with , but i feel like there 's a slight resemblance possibly with a few
i am not very certain . none of these men look familiar .
not very . no one looks familiar , but i 'm not positive .
very certain . i know i saw him
i 'm very certain . i remember seeing him for sure
don recognize any of them . DIS none of these guys were in yesterdays lineup
i know i 've seen this guy . i remember him . he was in a white shirt .
somewhat certain . he looks somewhat familiar , more familiar than the others
not super certain , but i feel like he may have been there . i think i recognize that face but i 'm bad at faces
pretty certain . i remember the square jaw .
pretty certain . i do n't feel i recognize any of them .
certain . . he was wearing a plaid shirt in the original picture .
pretty HAPAX . these guys are mostly distinct and i do n't remember them . one dude is a bit generic
very certain . i remembered him because he looks like someone i know .
i am zero percent certain . i ca n't recall any of these faces but i 'm not certain .
fairly certain . face is similar .
not very certain . the first picture looks familiar but not enough for me to HAPAX to a guess
pretty sure . i remember .
certain . looks like a guy i know in particular .
very . i remember him in the white t shirt
might remember him . his HAPAX hair
very certain . i do n't remember any of these guys .
not recognizing anyone here . font remember any of them .
pretty sure . none of these guys look familiar .
i 'm quite certain , though others shown HAPAX a resemblance to other pictures . the slight DIS he is looking , angle of his chin , and his eyes and ears look like the one i have seen before .
not certain at all .. i am just not sure if i saw any of them or not .
fairly certain . he is the only one i kind of recognize
fairly certain . recognize face
i am uncertain . the faces all seem unfamiliar at this point and they are each similar in HAPAX
i do n't recognize any faces with a fair amount of certainty . none of these faces are familiar
almost positive i remember his face . he looks like someone i used to know
quite a bit . a guy looked like he HAPAX to HAPAX
certain . vie seen him before
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
uncertain . i seem to recall someone with crooked features .
face looks familiar . the facial features look very familiar
i 'm 60 percent certain .. none of these faces look familiar but i might not remember them .
i am very certain of this person in the lineup . facial features recognition .
100 percent sure . i remember him because he looks similar to a HAPAX HAPAX i HAPAX
not very certain . nobody stands out as memorable
not very certain . none of them look familiar .
uncertain . i font recall any of these faces .
he rings a bell a little bit .. the DIS look , hair and face look familiar .
certain . font remember any of them
60 . i remember him
font know . font know
somewhat . nothing in the facial structure is standing out to me
fairly certain . the hair is familiar
he just seems similar . his hairstyle makes me think he was one of them
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
mostly certain . i remember the face selected because of the DIS eyes . even though there was more of a smile in the first picture , the eyes are still DIS here . the same HAPAX HAPAX hair is present too .
fairly certain . it 's the guy that kinda looks like kenya .
not certain . font really remember seeing this person
mildly familiar / mildly certain . his face looks mildly familiar .
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
not sure . i do n't remember any of them but now i HAPAX if i remember anyone
pretty certain . remember him
i am almost completely certain . i remember the shape of his head , it looks almost DIS like .
i think so . looks like one of the men
certain . i remember his eyes .
pretty certain . i remember a HAPAX face .
not entirely sure , but they look familiar . facial HAPAX , cheek bone structure
no sure . i do n't recall any details about any of these people
not certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
certain . in the original picture i saw i thought he looked a little like DIS
the hair . DIS and facial hair
not certain at all . i remember someone looking familiar but not sure
in somewhat certain due to the darker complexion . the person is of darker complexion compared to the others pictured .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i again remember the color DIS but none of the faces are DIS
i am about 50 % certain . i remember someone with similar facial hair i believe
not sure . just a guess
not at all . i do n't remember these guys .
very certain . i know for sure that i saw him
very certain . hair style , eyes , facial hair
semi certain . he looks the least photo DIS .
very certain . nose and eyes
not very certain .. this face feels much more familiar than the rest , but , DIS HAPAX , this one image did also HAPAX like 3 DIS HAPAX before anything else on the page and DIS my attention first . also , though , his eyes look very HAPAX and that feels familiar .
somewhat . familiar , but can not remember exactly
very . he reminds me of HAPAX HAPAX
not certain . the and head tilt .
not at all . i font recognize anyone
pretty sure .. i remember he just looks like he 's trying to get one over on me .
i am fairly certain i did n't see these faces .. i do n't remember anyone looking like these people .
pretty certain . i think he was wearing a white shirt but he looks like someone famous
iffy . do n't recognize anyone
i 'm 60 percent certain .. looks similar to previous face but he was smiling so i ca n't be too sure it was him .
kind of . this seems HAPAX
i font remember any of these faces . nothing looks familiar
i feel pretty certain on remembering him from yesterday .. he had lighter skin tone and bright eyes with high HAPAX eyebrows .
i 'm not certain at all , but he looks a bit familiar . then again , the second one kind of did , too . . the eyes and the nose seem familiar , as does the skin tone .
maybe . not sure
not very . do n't recognize anyone , but that 's starting to HAPAX a pattern so i could be wrong .
not very . i do not know if i saw them
very certain . i font remember anyone
very . none of the faces looked familiar at all
almost certain . i just am pretty sure i remember seeing him
i 'm pretty sure this is a guy from yesterday .. this persons face looks familiar .
certain . i remember because he reminds me of kenya
not to sure . nothing familiar
pretty unsure . now i think the guy i selected was actually the person i selected in a previous round . or i 'm getting them DIS up ?
not certain . i think its the same kid
i am somewhat certain . the chin and angle of the cheekbones seem very familiar .
kinda sure . looks familiar
somewhat . i think i remember him but am not sure .
i am somewhat certain .. i recall seeing faces that looked similar to these but not exactly like them .
not very . they look familiar
somewhat . none of these faces stood out to me
absolutely positive . hair and expression .
i font recognize any . they font look familiar
100 percent . his hair
sure . i do n't remember these faces but that shirt is familiar to me .
kind of certain . i think i remember somebody having eyes that were very far apart .
intuition . he looks familiar .
mostly certain . this man is familiar to me
not very certain . i do not remember if i correctly saw this guy or not .
sorta certain - is . none of the features look familiar . bottom row all most certainly look wrong . the top right could possibly be a previously witnessed face , but i do n't think so .
almost . pretty sure this is the same person
not certain . i am not completely certain that i remember this face
i am about 50 % sure he was in the lineup . he looks more familiar than the rest .
uncertain . i do n't recall for sure
certain . remember him
very certain . i remember the hair and face .
very . beard shape .
quite certain . recognizable haircut .
very . thin chin HAPAX is familiar
certain . none look familiar .
i am semi sure . i remember the face but am not 100 % sure
decently certain . nothing in the face sticks out
pretty certain . i remember his eyes .
pretty certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
i am fairly certain i saw this man yesterday .. i remember his thick eyebrows , and his eyes from yesterday .
again , not very certain . i do n't believe that i have seen any of these faces before .
somewhat certain . none of these individuals have features that DIS me to believe i have seen them before .
think he looks like my HAPAX . pretty sure this one is the one i HAPAX HAPAX after DIS HAPAX and HAPAX 's best friend
60 . i do not see anyone who looks familiar to me .
uncertain .. i did n't HAPAX recognize any of the photos , but this one stood out after a HAPAX . i think his eyes and the shape of his head ( narrow ) seem to strike a bell , but i 'm afraid it 's because i just DIS at him too long right now .
not really certain . not positive
not sure . nothing familiar
almost completely certain .. i remember his head shape and facial hair .
slightly certain . none of these men look familiar really .
pretty certain . do n't remember anyone
i do not remember any of these guys . do not remember these guys
very sure . i remember this face . because of the side burns and faro
somewhat certain . i do n't remember these faces
pretty certain . while some skin HAPAX and expressions are the same , no features stand out .
i am guessing on this . looks most familiar
pretty certain . i remember his darker features
very little . this person looks very familiar but i can not be sure
fairly . i font recognize any of them
eyebrows . HAPAX eyebrows look familiar .
very certain . remember his haircut .
pretty certain . i remember his eyes .
fairly certain . . i remember this man 's facial expression , nose , eyes , and eyebrows .
somewhat . without the differences in clothes many look the same
very . font recall any o these
kind of certain . i do n't recognize these faces
not very certain . a few of the guys look familiar , so i am not sure .
i 'm fairly certain i remember this face , but i do believe the image was different . . i believe this person was smiling in the original photo and was wearing different clothing , but i remember HAPAX features , like his eyes and mouth , and the hair seems the same as well . HAPAX the
certain . none are familiar
fairly certain . none of these look familiar
just a diff facial angle but similar to one of the line up . same hair line jaw just not angle
fairly . no one is standing out to me as recognizable
pretty sure . i really do n't recognize any of these faces
very . i remember him because of his looks
i ca n't recall seeing any of these people before .. they do n't look or resemble anything like anyone i have ever seen .
no one looks familiar . no one is familiar in this line up
fairly sure . his eyes , nose and jaw are familiar
pretty certain . the hair looks familiar
kinda . his face looks familiar
very . he looks like kenya west
completely certain . i do n't recognize any of the features in this HAPAX set .
somewhat . he looks sort of like one of the previous photos
pretty certain . he looks like a person i saw earlier so i 'm pretty certain it 's the same person .
in pretty sure i seen him yesterday . i remember his hair kind of
not sure . i 'm not quite sure if i saw this man yesterday or not
not sure at all . black people are hard to DIS . black people and their features are very similar and hard to remember .
i am certain . i remember a guy with similar features , but none of these match his face
i honestly do not recognize any of these men . i feel like i would recognize a face the next day , HAPAX of race
i seen this guy too . i seen him DIS times
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of the faces
mi not sure . they look pretty much the same
fairly certain . i think i remember
almost certain . because i have not seen these faces before
i remember this person i 'm very certain of it . i remember seeing him .
mostly . pretty sure i do n't see any of the guys .
not sure . i 'm not sure if i remember any of these
not very certain . hair style , eye and brow DIS .
not very sure .. i think his haircut looks familiar but would n't be very confident about the id .
i 'm slightly certain . the man 's features seem somewhat distinctive and i vaguely remember seeing them before .
i feel pretty confident in my answer .. i feel confident because i feel like i seen this individual previously .
i am over half certain of this choice . the face i chose does seem familiar DIS the previous study
a little ? . looks familiar , HAPAX from earlier
completely certain . i remember him because he looks like someone i know
pretty unsure . seems familiar
very certain . do not recognize anyone .
very . none of these faces are familiar .
80 . none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
i am certain in my response . i remember his haircut , expression and DIS on his eyebrow
i feel like i have seen him before . i feel like i saw the person 's picture before so i HAPAX it was in the previous pictures
extremely certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
these faces do n't look familiar . none of these faces look familiar .
mostly certain . i do n't believe any of the people above DIS 're in the original pictures .
fairly certain . the expression on his face .
somewhat certain . nobody DIS me as familiar , here ! .
not certain . HAPAX pick
i 'm DIS % certain . i remember thinking this particular individual was cute so that 's why i remembered seeing him .
not very certain . i font remember seeing these faces .
i 'm pretty certain that i remember the man that i chose , pictured above , from yesterday .. i remember the man above because he kind of looks a little like a celebrity to me , his features are hard to forget .
not very certain . i remember his head tilt
somewhat . it 's hard to remember all the faces i saw
somewhat certain . he looks familiar , but i ca n't be sure .
certain . i remember
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys , but i might have .. HAPAX people 's faces blend together and i ca n't tell .
somewhat certain .. the nose and lips look familiar .
not really certain . his features look the most like the light DIS guy i saw earlier
very certain . this is HAPAX
somewhat certain . looks familiar
somewhat . he looks familiar , and like someone i have seen based on his facial expression
pretty sure . i do n't remember any of them
fairly certain . none of them look at all familiar
slightly . he looks more familiar than the rest
very certain . does n't look like any of the line up .
i 'm not . i honestly do n't recognize any of them
pretty certain . he looks familiar to me
very certain . i am very certain because i recall the specific hairstyle with beard / mustache on a face seen in the observation .
50 . i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces before .
unsure . looks slightly familiar
very certain . because i do n't remember any of these faces .
i 100 % remember seeing this guy . DIS enough i think it 's his neck DIS that i remember so well . i do n't know how to HAPAX it . but i guess it 's well defined .
font recall . none
pretty sure . i do n't remember these faces
i am more certain of this one than previous ones .. his face was recognizable .
i know he was in there . he reminds me of an nba player
completely certain . i remember the haircut and the nose .
i am very certain . i do n't recognize anybody here .
i am only a little certain that non of these men were present .. the top left man looks very vaguely familiar , but i honestly do n't remember .
very . i recognize his defined neck HAPAX .
80 . mi pretty sure he was in there
pretty certain . i do not recognize any of these people from the previous photos
i am sure .. none of the guys look familiar .
not very certain .. none of them stand out to me .
font remember anyone . font remember seeing this face .
not certain . two of the faces look sort of familiar , but i am not confident in that
positive . i remember his face . he looks like a man i know .
not very certain . some look slightly familiar but i 'm not sure
i think he was there . looks right
pretty certain . i do not recognize any facial features of these people .
not very accurate . he looks familiar but DIS not sure about the others
do n't remember any of these . they seem similar , but not exact
not all .. i just ca nt get remember their faces .
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
i 'm not sure .. none of the faces rang any bells , but i could have forgotten .
very certain . do n't remember these people
very certain . none look familiar
almost completely certain . his adams apple is very DIS and one ear looks DIS than the other , also the nose is DIS .
fairly certain . eye shape and color .
again all these faces look the same . i just picked not present cause there 's a 1/7 chance
i 'm pretty certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
no one looks familiar . i ca n't DIS anyone
i am fairly confident . i am not 100 %
a lot . recognize him
pretty sure . i 'm sure
not very certain . i think his hair looks familiar but i 'm not totally sure
a little certain . i think i remember that shape of face HAPAX with that facial hair , but i 'm uncertain .
almost certain . he is young
pretty sure . do n't look familiar
pretty certain . i recognize his face
not too sure . all look too same
really certain . distinctive face
DIS not certain at all . they all look alike
i do not recognize any of these people from yesterday .. none of the features look familiar to me .
very certain . i remember this guy from the line up .
somewhat sure . his eyes look familiar
i 'm somewhat certain . . his face looks very distinctive and his facial features are strong . i think i saw him in yesterdays lineup .
fairly certain . i remember his neck ( yes really ! )
not completely sure . none of the men look familiar but i ca n't be sure .
i am not very certain .. i think i remember this man from yesterday .
very certain .. i do not recognize anyone in this line up .
not very certain . he sorta looks like the one dude
fairly certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces HAPAX , but one looks sort of familiar . not enough to click him , though .
positive . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
somewhat confident . i do n't recognize any of them .
somewhat certain . i do not recognize any of these men from previous pictures .
fairly . slightly familiar face .
somewhat . none of them look familiar
" quite certain . the face i selected strongly resembles the HAPAX i HAPAX DIS as " " that guy " " , as he looked DIS to me HAPAX . "
certain . i do n't remember these faces .
almost certain .. i feel that this guy is HAPAX of being previously in the lineup . he also is the only one smiling at the HAPAX .
fairly certain . remember his expression
medium certainty .. ca n't recall these faces .
fairly certain . looks familiar
quite sure . his eyes are a little lopsided and he has a flat hair cut .
very certain . none of these faces are familiar
i am very certain . i remember his nose and eyes .
100 % . the only lineup i saw before was all white men and this lineup is all black men .
i am not very certain that one is not present , but i ca n't point out any i remember .. i can not for sure pick out any one from this line up that i remember seeing from the images provided .
mi a little certain i saw this one . this picture DIS up a few times , and know i had seen it before
not very certain . i think some of these people look familiar but i 'm not confident enough to pick one out .
very certain . i remember his goatee and chin shape
i think i have seen him . i have seen him previously
i 'm certain .. i do n't recognize anyone .
kind of . looks sort of familiar .
not too certain . he seems slightly familiar
fairly certain . he looked a bit familiar .
not very .. i do n't recognize faces .
i am completely uncertain . . i only chose this individual because he feels familiar . i am unsure why .
fairly sure . the face seems familiar , HAPAX because he looks a little HAPAX to me .
i 'm pretty certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . they all look like they have fairly distinguishing characteristics that i would remember seeing before .
40 % . told to
somewhat . i remember the HAPAX on the forehead
i do n't recall seeing any of these guys in the line up . . i do n't remember seeing any of them
very sure this person was in the line up . i noted the DIS and to the right expression of his face in the original
not very certain at all . none of these faces look familiar .
very . i think i 've seen him
iffy . i feel like i might have seen him , but not quite sure
font remember any of these guys . hard for me to remember any of these guys
about 50 percent . i remember seeing this guy
not super certain . he looks a bit familiar
i am not very certain on this one , but i feel like i do n't recall any of these faces .. although i feel like there are similarities to the faces i saw yesterday , none of them stand out to me .
i am somewhat certain . i do n't seem to recognize any of these faces that i saw previously
i 'm sure that i saw this guy before .. i am 100 % sure that i saw this guy because he was wearing a tank top and i thought he looked like my friend HAPAX .
i am not certain . i am not sure if i have seen theses faces before .
pretty certain . i recognize the guy 's face , nose and haircut from an earlier picture .
i am fairly sure i do n't know any of these people . i do n't recognize the faces of any of them
he was familiar , saw his photo 3 times at least .. he was wearing a black under - shirt and smiling .
i am mildly certain .. the eyes look familiar but i do n't remember his cheeks being like that .
i am positive . i know i saw that face .
i am very certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these people yesterday .
very certain . i remember his face .
fairly certain . i do n't recognize these faces from earlier .
not at all . could n't place any of them
none of these faces strike me as familiar .. the faces do not feel familiar from yesterday .
i am not certain at all . no one looks familiar , but i could be wrong
very . he looked like kenya west
absolutely certain . i remember seeing him
somewhat . this looks like one of the guys at the end of the pictures , only showed one time
certain . i remember his face because he looks like HAPAX west
sort of certain . do n't recognize the faces .
i am a little less than 50 % sure about this lineup . i think i remember this guy 's chin
i 'm fairly certain that none of the young men above were in the lineup from yesterday .. none of the gentlemen from the lineup are in this lineup above , that i can see . i do n't remember seeing any of the men from above .
pretty sure . none look familiar .
i might have seen this guy before . . his face just looks a little familiar .
moderately . they do n't seem familiar .
very certain . none of these men look familiar to me .
not certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
i 'm fairly certain .. none of these guys look familiar .
i 'm only a tiny bit sure i saw this guy . i think the shape of his face looks familiar and so does his ears . but i am only a little bit certain about it
almost positive . all these have familiar looking faces so i think that i would have remembered them by DIS there features as point of DIS to people i already know
i 'm looking at all of the men above and i do n't recognize any of them from yesterday .. i do n't remember any features from any of the men above , from yesterday . nothing about them stands out to me .
looks familiar . looks familiar
looks familiar . looks like someone i saw in the task
i 'm pretty certain i do n't recall any of these guys . . i chose none because i do n't recall them .
i am very sure my eyes kept being DIS to him , like i had seen the face before . he looks very familiar and my eyes kept HAPAX in on him
i am fairly certain .. i just do not recall seeing any of these faces .
kind of certain . i think he looks familiar but not super sure
fairly certain . the facial structure looks familiar
very . remember his neck
not certain at all . i font remember
a little certain . not too sure
not sure . i font feel like vie seen him , but i do recall something about him
i do not recall seeing any of these men previously . i do not recall seeing any of these men previously
pretty sure . they all have blue eyes and only a few of the guys from the pictures had those .
certain . font remember seeing any of them .
certain . i remember the person 's smile
this looks a little familiar . i sort of remember it
absolutely certain . they just do n't look familiar .
positive . i did n't saw them in face survey yesterday
absolutely certain . i clearly remember his face
60 . no faces looked familiar
not very . i am not that confident in my response
somewhat certain . i think i saw this guy yesterday
not sure . nothing familiar
not at all certain . i font recognize any
very . i am very certain i saw this face .
i am certain i do n't remember these faces and they do n't look familiar .. these men have specific features i would n't be able to forget .
uncertain . the nose
i am somewhat certain it may be the bottom guy in the middle , but not sure . he just looks a little familiar .
somewhat . i did n't recognize anyone
somewhat certain . do not recognize any faces in the lineup
very certain . i can tell by the eyes .
kind of . i think i saw this guy .
somewhat . i do n't remember any of them
somewhat sure . do n't recognize anyone
i 'm fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing a single one of these guys .
0 % . i HAPAX at this
fairly certain . none look familiar .
very . i have never seen any of these .
do n't remember seeing any of this HAPAX gentleman . i just do not remember having seen any of these particular individuals
really unsure . i do n't think i saw any of these faces yesterday
very . i am certain that i saw this face several times
a little . he looks like someone i saw smiling earlier .
a little . familiar head tilt .
100 % certain . the head shape of all of the is similar and i do n't recall that
i 'm about half certain . he looks familiar
i think i saw him earlier . there 's something familiar about his eyes .
pretty sure . i remember the shape of his hair
i 'm pretty certain none of these were in the lineup .. none of these faces look familiar to me .
i 'm a little bit DIS on this one so i 'm not entirely sure about this one .. i ca n't recall any of these in the lineup making me pretty certain he 's not present .
not sure . ca nt remember
i am fairly certain i do not recognize one of these faces . none of these faces are familiar to me .
absolutely certain .. this guy looked quite unique compared to many of the people .
pretty certain . i do not recall any of these faces
do n't recognize anyone . no memory of any of these photos
not very . none of them look familiar , but it is hard to tell when they are n't smiling .
i do n't recognize any of the men . none of the men look familiar to me
fairly certain . no faces are familiar to me .
very certain . none look familiar based on facial features .
certain . he looks familiar
pretty certain . he had a different expression before but i remember it was him
fairly certain . none of these look familiar .
90 . non - familiar
certain . looks very familiar .
uncertain . his jawline looks familiar
fairly certain . reminds me of a celebrity .
100 percent . i remember seeing his face and thinking he looked like a HAPAX HAPAX HAPAX kenya west .
very certain . i remember seeing this man 's face yesterday
very certain . ca n't recall any of the faces .
kinda . blue eyes seem familiar
somewhat certain . this face looks the most familiar out of all the face pictured above
i am not certain at all . i do n't remember any of these men in the photos
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am not certain . they all look alike
not very . not very familiar
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
not really sure .... not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
not too certain .. i think , i may have see this photo .
not completely sure because if it is someone who was in the sideshow , i think he was smiling in the picture . his hairline looks similar .
very . none of these faces look familiar
not sure . . i can not remember if i have seen any of the individuals .
quite certain . i do not recall any faces shown .
i 'm fairly certain about this response .. i 'm pretty sure i saw a guy with the same features .
a little bit sure . i do n't recognize any of them .
" i 'm absolutely certain . that face had stood out , because i thought it was " " one of those faces " " that just seem familiar "
not sure . these faces look very similar , hard to pick out who might have been shown
i am very certain . his face is familiar .
not at all . none of the faces look familiar
certain . i do n't remember seeing these faces .
very . i font recognize anyone
very certain . remember him
not very . i felt like i maybe saw him before
certain . i remember the facial hair and face structure .
i am pretty sure i remember seeing him .. his face is very familiar .
fairly certain . none look familiar .
i do n't think i have seen any of these . . none of them DIS any recognition .
i do n't remember any of them . i do n't remember any of them , but i 'm not sure .
i am half sure . his face seems familiar
i am pretty certain . i think i remember this particular guy from before , and the way his facial hair is makes me feel like he is more familiar .
i do n't recognize any of them . i do n't remember seeing them
i am very certain .. i remember the hair .
pretty certain . font recall these people from photos
or the guy before . chin hair nose
i am almost fairly certain i saw this individual prior .. i remember his hair .
i do n't recognize any one . i do n't recognize any one
certain . his hair .
not very certain . none of them look identical to the other pictures , a few of them look similar but not enough to choose them
not very . i do n't remember seeing any of the faces .
fairly . nobody looks familiar
i am quite certain . none of these photos look familiar .
i am fairly certain . i recognize his eyes .
very sure . do n't recognize these faces .
sure . i 'm sure
seemed right . thought so
i am very sure . his off set eyes .
certain . i have n't seen any of these faces .
certain . i think i remember him .
i do not recall any of these faces . . i do n't recall any of these faces some seem kind of similar but i 'm pretty certain i do n't remember
fairly . i do n't recognize anyone
very certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period .
a little sure . eyebrows look familiar
pretty certain . they do n't look familiar .
pretty certain . i do n't see any traits that i tried to DIS yesterday
no one here is looking familiar . i ca nt seem to remember seeing any of these faces before
maybe . i feel like i would remember someone from this group
fairly certain . he looks familiar .
certain . not recognizing any faces .
i 'm not very certain .. i feel like i saw him , but i 'm not sure .
ca nt be certain . can not be too certain
very certain . remember the hair cut and facial hair
a little sure . i think this is the one i remember as the kenya guy
positive . i remember thinking he looked like a frat boy with intense eyes .
unsure . none of the faces look familiar
fairy sure . i do n't recognize any of the photos
very . never seen them before
i do not recognize any of the faces . i just font think any of the faces are familiar
uncertain . i do n't recognize anyone
positive . he wore a HAPAX DIS .
fairly certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
sure . i recognize his haircut and face shape .
not certain . i ca n't remember if i saw any of these faces
very . he was wearing a different shirt , but i recognize him .
fairly . no distinguishing features
very certain . they were n't in the group of pictures .
somewhat certain . i believe that i remember this face , but i am not completely certain . his eyes look familiar , but i 'm not sure about the jawline .
i am a little certain .. the way the guys hair is in the front makes me feel like i remember him and he looks more familiar than any of the others .
mostly certain . i do n't remember the eyes of any of these people .
not certain at all .. i do n't recall any of the faces .
50 . just because
certain . do n't remember any of them
certain . i remembered the persons ears
i 'm not very sure . i think i may have seen him before
i 'm pretty sure about this .. i do n't recognize any of the faces at all .
i do n't see a familiar face HAPAX not really sure - i do n't think any face from original lineup is here ...
very certain .. same specific appearance .
certain . none of the faces look familiar .
i am half certain . his face looks familiar
no one looks familiar . no one looks familiar
very . i do n't remember any of these faces .
pretty certain . remember a maroon shirt
fairly confident . i do not recall any of the faces .
100 % sure . this face reminds me of someone i know so it 's easy to remember if i have seen them before .
semi certain . the face seems familiar
60 . i do not see anyone that i recognize
not very . his eyes and nose look familiar .
somewhat certain . i believe i remember the guy i chose from yesterday 's task
90 % . certain
i font recall any of them . i font remember any of the faces
i 'm not certain at all , but i ca n't pinpoint any of these faces as ones i 've seen before . . more than one have similar features , and i had trouble HAPAX which one was most likely , so i HAPAX it up to specific features rather than there being one face i have actually seen before .
not very . i did n't recognize them .
very certain .. i do n't recognize anyone here .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any faces .
i font think i saw any of them . i did n't see them .
i did n't recognize anyone . i dint recognize anyone .
seems familiar . seems right
pretty certain one guy looks familiar but not enough to know for sure . the top left individual looks familiar but i ca nt remember for sure
pretty sure . none of them seem recognizable .
not positive at all . i remember a similar expression
not very . some of those men look the same
i am definitely sure . he has long sideburns and a HAPAX chin which i saw earlier .
a bit . unfamiliar
his facial features seem familiar . his jaw line and his neck look familiar
pretty sure , no one is jumping out to me or looks familiar at all .. everyone just looks so generic and i feel like someone would have a more gut DIS in my mind .
pretty certain . i do n't remember anyone with short hair like these guys
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
somewhat certain . i seen none of these faces yesterday
moderately sure . none of them look familiar enough to be sure
very certain . i recall seeing a black male with a goatee .
certain . eyes , nose .
kinda certain . his hairline .
a little bit .. his eyes and hair look slightly familiar to me .
i 'm fairly certain . . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i do n't think any of the guys i saw were here . . i do n't remember any of these men .
pretty certain . none of them look familiar in any way
a little . i remember his facial expression
very . he looks like a HAPAX HAPAX - HAPAX
relatively certain . i do n't recognize any one in particular .
not too certain .. i thought i might have seen this person .
i do n't think i have seen any of these people before . i do n't remember any of their faces .
i have never seen these photos . i have never seen these photos
not sure . looks familiar
do not remember any of these faces . nothing recognizable
mostly certain . i font recognize any features .
i do not recall seeing these men . these men do not look familiar .
not very . i do n't remember any of them
very certain . he was cute
only diff is he s looking straight at the camera HAPAX the original DIS . same eyes HAPAX up brow and face
fairly . none look similar
pretty certain . the man looked very familiar .
100 % certain . i do n't recall these men and their faces
fairly certain . does n't look familiar
pretty certain . remember his haircut .
kind of certain . eyes and facial expression
i do not see any faces i remember . i do not recall any of these faces being presented
fairly . none are familiar .
pretty certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these people .
very certain . i recall the mans nose .
facial hair . the goatee
very sure . hair style , eyes , shape of face
none of these people look similar .. i do n't recognize any of those faces .
fairly certain . none of the faces really looked familiar
none look familiar . i do not recognize anyone
fairly certain . his expression / face shape are familiar
not certain . i think it was the hair and the ears
fairly certain . i remember the face but not the faro
not certain .. i ca n't recall any of these guys .
40 % . facial hair
i do n't recall any of these faces . their faces do not look familiar
50 % . mi guessing
none of these faces are at all familiar , and i 'm pretty sure . i would recognize these people , and i do not
no recognition . none
no one here looks familiar .. no one here appears to be someone i saw before from what i remember .
somewhat . none of the faces look familiar
not certain , but this face has a familiarity .. just a feeling of familiarity .
not very . no one looks familiar .
not very confident . he looks familiar
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not sure . do not remember
none match . none have same eyes nose jaw hair
i am certain . none of these faces ring any bells in my mind , i haven seen them before
not sure . the hairstyle is unique in the HAPAX so far .
i 'm definitely sure . i remember thinking he looked like kenya , so he sticks out in my mind .
almost certain . same hair
fairly . do n't remember anyone
absolutely .. i definitely remember seeing him .
same dude , same expression . saw earlier .
i think i am half way accurate . none of these men have a distinctive characteristic that makes me think i saw them yesterday
not very . i sort of remember the eyes .
none look familiar . i can pick one that i have seen before
not sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
very certain . . i remember this man 's mouth and eyes .
i am almost certain that i saw him the previous day .. i recognize his eyes .
kind of certain . i do n't recognize any of these men .
i remember seeing this face . this face is familiar .
not very . font call these people
not very . i remember the facial hair , but the face does not stand out to me
not very sure . nothing distinguishable . my eyes HAPAX toward one face that seemed familiar , but i 'm not HAPAX .
pretty sure . do n't remember seeing any faces like the ones above
moderately certain . this person 's eyes look familiar
certain . very certain
very . do not recognize .
fairly certain . . i do n't recall seeing this man yesterday . i do n't remember this DIS of black .
somewhat . that face seems familiar to me .
very uncertain . vague familiarity
none of the faces look familiar . no distinct features in these for me to remember if someone is in here
i am very positive .. i recognize the facial hair .
not very . i think i remember him
very . none of these faces are similar at all
pretty sure . i just recognize him
i am certain i did not see these men .. i chose not present because i do not recall viewing these men 's photos .
slightly certain .. i remember a black man with a similar shirt and expression earlier .
moderately certain . i do n't remember any of these guys
certain . i saw him
i 'm not very certain . i 'm not too sure because i do not exactly remember the faces i saw last night , but i feel like i might have seen the face i chose , which is why i chose it .
sure . i remember him
not very certain . none of these guys look familiar to me but i 'm really not sure
i feel like i remember his eyes . his slightly DIS eyes and eye brow shape seem familiar
mostly certain . i think all of these guys heads are shaped funny , and i think i would 've remembered that , so they DIS not have been shown .
not sure at all . these faces are pretty DIS and nothing sticks out
not certain . i think i saw him , would n't bet on it but he seems familiar
i am completely sure .. i know i saw his face .
pretty certain . i remember seeing him because at first it was his hair cut that stuck out then i DIS his eyes
very certain i saw this hairstyle yesterday .. quite certain that face and hair was a match just wearing a blue shirt from what i remember .
not at all . i remember someone like this , but all of these faces seem to similar
i 'm 100 percent certain .. do n't recognize anyone .
not that certain . might have seen one before , not sure
totally certain . i do n't recall any of these faces
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am only a bit certain . i do not recall any of the faces .
pretty sure . none of these faces stand out
not very certain . hard to tell them apart .
somewhat . i think i remember his smile but it was with teeth
fairly certain . this man looks familiar
confident . the hair and eyes look familiar .
somewhat certain . he seems a little familiar
fairly certain . these guys do n't look familiar , but i could be wrong
very very small . seemed a little familiar
pretty certain . recognize the hairline and nose .
not very certain . . none of the faces are sticking out to me . there is no familiarity .
i remember the hair . i remember thinking this one DIS me of pictures i had seen from the DIS
i am pretty certain .. this person looks like one of the faces i saw .
i think he is familiar . if i could see his lower neck i would know for sure
not really certain . eyes look familiar
maybe . he is DIS so maybe him
kind of sure . i remember his hair and HAPAX face
certain . his eyes were memorable .
pretty certain . i remember the nose and HAPAX cheeks
slight . sorta familiar
not certain . ca n't remember
pretty sure i did not see these faces .. no faces jumping out at me .
i never saw any of these men . . one has a similar haircut to one i saw yesterday , but he is not the one i saw .
unsure . none of the faces feel familiar
HAPAX certain . don recognize anyone
pretty sure i 've never seen these folks before in my life . they do n't appear familiar to my eye
not certain . i do n't remember any of them
not certain at all . two look slightly familiar i ca n't make a choice .
i do n't remember any of these guys . because i did not recall seeing any of these gentlemen .
none . font DIS
kind of certain . the eyebrows look familiar
i 'm rather certain . none of the faces look familiar .
very certain .. i do believe i saw this face yesterday , also looks like someone i know .
fairly certain . don recognize anyone
quite certain .. something about this individual 's face , perhaps the HAPAX between his eyes , look similar to me from the activity .
i 'm not certain , they all look so similar . none of them stand out , and they all look relatively similar to one another
i am certain .. none of the eyes seem familiar .
somewhat certain . does not resemble anyone i have seen before .
i am no completely sure but i believe i saw this young man .. i remember his eyes in the other pictures were very DIS .
moderately certain . i remember him having a unique face
unsure . unsure
not very . do n't recognize any of them
fairly certain . i do n't recall seeing any of those faces before
not very . not sure
i am a little certain .. i feel like i saw his face yesterday .
not certain . ca n't remember
i 'm pretty sure . i recognize this face
looks familiar . i think he was on the other pictures
i recognize his face . he looked like someone i knew in real life
i distinctly remember him . i remember the fro
pretty certain . i remember seeing this guy 's face , especially HAPAX the gold chain he was wearing before
slightly certain . not totally sure
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
pretty certain . i remember his haircut and his nose .
about 75 percent . one of the faces looks slightly familiar but not familiar enough for me to be DIS i have seen it before .
fairly . face shape and hair
not very . they all look very similar above
90 % certain . none of them look familiar
somewhat certain . the face looks familiar
i am pretty sure .. i remember seeing that person .
sort of sure . i do n't think i saw any of them .
certain . i do n't remember seen any of this photos .
i am pretty certain that none of those men were present .. none of those faces were shown before . i do not recognize any of the faces .
very certain . i remember seeing him twice , his blue eyes and facial hair are very striking .
moderately . nose and mouth
unsure . i think more people were smiling HAPAX so it 's throwing me
i am very certain . i specifically remember the head shape , and the shape of his nose .
i do n't recognize these faces . none of these faces look familiar
in not so sure on this one . i kind of remember that look and his facial features .
i am not completely certain . the faces do not look that familiar to me from the ones that i saw previously
very . he has a very distinct face shape .
not certain . i 'm getting confused , i think these were in the first line up also
very certain . i remember the picture exactly , except a different color shirt .
not very . i do n't remember these faces
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . i did n't recognize any of these faces
they do not look familiar . i do not remember them
i do remember seeing any of these guys . there are no certain characteristic that i remember
pretty sure . none of these men look familiar to me .
kind of sure . none of them look familiar
do n't recall seeing any of these faces . none look familiar
fairly certain i have never seen anyone here before . no one looks familiar at all
fairly certain .. none of them look overly familiar .
not at all . i do n't recognize them .
feels like i seen the picture before . looks a little familiar to me
not very . he looks vaguely similar to one of the faces i think i saw earlier
mostly certain . he looks like a guy i saw earlier , but it 's a little HAPAX . the general face structure and hair looks familiar , but the facial expression is so different , it 's hard to tell .
very . HAPAX believe i 've seen these faces .
very . none look familiar
very . none are familiar .
unsure . looks familiar
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
not certain at all . none look particular like anyone i recall seeing
not sure . i do n't recognize any of the photos but i am not sure .
very . i remember him his tilted head
100 . because i remember his face
pretty certain . looks familiar
somewhat certain . again , none of these people are familiar
very certain . HAPAX , i definitely saw him before
not very certain .. none of them look familiar .
very certain . he looks familiar .
not very . his hair looks familiar but i 'm not sure about the face
i do n't recognize anyone .. i just do n't remember seeing any of these men yesterday .
pretty certain .. none of the faces look familiar
unsure . do n't think i recognize any
moderately certain . his head shape and eye shape .
very . they 're all DIS than anyone i remember
kind of certain . the short hair and smile
not very . one or two seemed familiar , but i 'm not sure .
i am very sure . his eyes and hair i clearly remember seeing
very sure . the shape of the eyebrows and the facial hair
fairly certain . i think i remember
not very certain .. i 'm just not sure .
i am quite certain . i remember his jawline and mustache .
somewhat certain . this face is very familiar , so i know i saw either this face or one very similar to it .
pretty sure . remember the hair
half certain . the facial features seem familiar
certain . i thought that this guy looked like kenya
i 'm not certain at all . this is getting harder as the faces DIS together . . this man has a unique jaw line , and his hair also seems familiar . a couple of other faces seemed familiar , but this one was the most .
almost certain . he looks like a guy on general HAPAX
somewhat . he sort of looks familiar .
moderately . hair and eye HAPAX
100 % . i just remember seeing him that 's why
vaguely . he seems familiar
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
in not to sure . none of them sticks out to me . i ca n't remember any of their features
i 'm almost positive . none of them look familiar .
somewhat certain . he looks a little like one of the pictures seen before . same eye color , hair color , skin color and general facial structure but i think the man in the picture before was smiling .
fairly certain . i do n't recognize anyone and am fairly confident none were in the lineup
i do not recall seeing any of these faces . nothing memorable stands out in any of these faces .
pretty certain . do n't recognize anyone
i am fairly certain that i have seen this face before .. i recognized many of his facial features , DIS as his nose .
little certain . none look familiar .
positive . i saw his face in face survey yesterday
certain . i know this one !
not at all certain . do n't recognize any of these faces
pretty sure . i 'm pretty sure i did n't see any of them , but i 'm not 100 %
i do n't recognize these people at all . fairly certain . i was not able to recognize all of these people .
not very . i do n't remember any of these people
somewhat certain due to the eyes and chin . the eyes and chin seem very familiar , but can not be sure .
i am very certain . i am certain because these faces do n't look familiar
he seems familiar . has good looking and DIS memory helps me with that HAPAX
i am very certain . i do n't recognize anyone shown here .
i do not see anyone i saw previously , and i am pretty certain of this .. none of these look familiar .
i am mostly certain . the bottom right corner guy may have been , but i do n't remember him having a HAPAX in the front .
not certain . ca n't remember these faces
kinda sure . i tried to find something either odd or attractive about each face , and i do n't think i saw any of these but i 'm not positive .
i recall seeing his face yesterday in the photo DIS . i recognize him
very certain . i remember seeing him .
not very certain . they all look similar and i do n't remember any of these faces .
not quite positive . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
i am very certain . his facial expression and tilt of his head are the same
i remember that DIS expression . i font know .
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of those faces at all .
moderately certain .. seems like he was in the photos but not positive .
pretty sure . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am fairly sure . i remember the tilted head
i am fairly certain i did n't see any of these people yesterday .. none of them look familiar to me .
not too certain .. i think , i may have see this photo .
i think i remember seeing this man yesterday . i just feel like i have seen this man before
very . familiar face
not super sure . i think this person was in the previous lineup , but i HAPAX , so i am not sure .
kinda certain he was in it . ears stick out
fairly . these faces do n't seem familiar .
a little . i think i remember seeing him
i am not totally certain .. these faces look very similar , especially the first two .
not too certain . the one selected looks somewhat familiar .
nobody looks familiar .. no features recognized at all .
positive . i saw this face yesterday .
moderately certain . he looks kind of familiar
i am more than 50/50 , but less than 70 percent sure . he has distinct facial features that for some reason feel familiar , as though i 've seen him before .
not certain . i do n't recall seeing these people
i do not recognize anyone here . none of the faces shown are familiar to me .
i 'm fairly certain , but not 100 % . none of these faces look familiar to me , i do n't recall seeing any of them
not very . . i ca n't recall any of the photos .
he looks a lot familiar . he looks a little familiar
quite certain . none of these photos look familiar .
kind of certain . none of the faces seem recognizable
not sure at all . looks a little familiar
i 'm 100 percent certain . . i remember him , he reminded me of kenya .
not very . i remember a red shirt
not very certain .. none of the faces looked familiar .
somewhat certain . i think i may have seen him before
fairly certain . i do n't recognize anyone and am fairly confident they were n't in the lineup
i am confident with my response . . i do not remember any features of the people from above . none look familiar to me .
very certain . none look at all familiar
kinda looks familiar . his face looks kinda like one i seen yesterday
unsure . his nose stood out
pretty certain .. his hair stood out to me .
not accurate . i honestly HAPAX decide on this selection or not present
he looks vaguely familiar . i seem to remember him but not sure if i do .
he s the one . i remember him .
certain . head shape .
i 'm sure i saw him . i remember this face .
not extremely confident . i remember somebody with a similar jaw line .
the crooked smile on the guy on the bottom middle looks familiar . the haircut seems different .
pretty sure . do n't recall
i am very certain . i remember his hair
certain . do n't remember it
i do n't remember seeing any of these .. none of them look familiar .
fairly certain . i remember the hair
very certain . none of these triggered memories and they all have at least one distinct feature that should have been memorable
25 percent . none of them looked familiar
pretty sure . i recognize none of these faces
certain . it 's the same picture or pretty darn near
quite certain . i remember the shape of his hairline
very . he looks like kaye i remember
i am fairly certain . he is familiar .
none . i do n't remember them
i am not sure . his long neck looks familiar
short of . red sweatshirt is really making it hard . yesterday it was only of neck up .
i am barely certain .. i do n't have any specific , it just looks more familiar .
HAPAX , but not sure at all . i think he was one of them , but it is difficult to remember for sure .
unsure . i do n't really know if he was or not
i 'm pretty sure about him .. i remember thinking yesterday that a guy looked kind of like kenya west , and this guy does .
not super sure . do not remember any of the faces
not very . his eyes look familiar . another face looks familiar also .
fairly certain . none of these men look familiar .
somewhat certain . none of these faces look familiar .
not sure . none of these men look familiar but i 'm not sure
almost positive . i do n't recall any of these faces
none look familiar . none look familiar
pretty certain . i just do n't recall seeing any of these guys yesterday
i am not certain they were from yesterday . i do not remember them from yesterday
a little certain . i do not recall these faces
can not recognize anyone with certainty . i do n't recognize anyone from yesterday 's photos
i feel fairly confident in this person . he looks familiar because of his lips and facial hair .
no clue . they look too similar to me to distinguish a HAPAX
think i saw him last time . the tilt of the head looks familiar .
accurate . i do not know any of this faces .
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys .
not overly . ca nt recall any of these
pretty certain . i remember his neck
these guys do n't look familiar either . . still not familiar .
i am fairly certain . i remember his eyes from yesterday
not very certain . none of them seem to ring a bell in my mind
fairly certain . the hair looks familiar
kinda certain . look familiar but could n't decide between two
fairly sure . face looks familiar
completely certain . i remember seeing this face yesterday
fairly certain . his face seemed quite familiar .
looks familiar . i remember seeing him
certain . none of them look familiar .
he looks exactly like one of the DIS that was pictured i do remember his face . his eyes were the HAPAX . his eyes and facial hair .
i do n't know . i do n't DIS to pick a man who i think was n't really there
some confidence . photo stood out to me
pretty sure this frat guy . one of the best looking guys yesterday . named him DIS frat guy cause thatch what i thought he looked like
semi certain . i HAPAX really have DIS
certain . do n't remember him
pretty certain .. again , nobody here stands out in my memory . i could be wrong though .
somewhat certain . none of the faces look familiar
not very . he looks familiar
certain . very certain , he HAPAX someone i know
i am a good amount certain .. this face seems familiar .
moderately certain . i 'm almost positive i saw him yesterday
pretty sure . i don't remember seen them
uncertain - the hair looks different . i think i recognize his face but the hair seems wrong
fairly .. he just does .
somewhat certain . none look familiar .
not certain . i do n't think any of them were present , but i ca n't be sure
fairly certain but not 100 % . i do n't recall specifically any of these men being in the images yesterday . so i have to choose not present .
i am fairly certain this man was in the previous lineup of pictures .. i can tell by his neck , he had very distinct HAPAX .
very certain . not there .
not very sure .. feel like i recognize this expression , but i can not be certain .
about 90 % . the eyes look familiar
mostly . none of the faces looked familiar
somewhat certain . i remember his hair
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
pretty certain . none of these look familiar at all .
moderately . skin tone and facial features
not certain . do n't remember him
not at all . i do n't recall any of these faces , but still not sure in my memory .
fairly certain . none look familiar at all and i feel like i would likely remember one of them
more certain than the last few . i think i remember seeing him and thinking he looked young
very . his face
he looks failure . i think i remember seeing him
fairly sure . i think he was i the line up but am not completely sure .
not sure . not too sure
i think this is who i saw . . i 'm not 100 % sure . he looks familiar , however they all look very similar .
i am certain . this guy reminds me of kenya west
a little certain . i think i remember seeing his DIS and eyebrows
almost positive . t his man has the same facial hair , skin color , and facial structure as a man in a previous photo .
not very sure . not very sure
extremely certain . i remember seeing his particular bone structure and nose HAPAX yesterday
certain . do not see anyone i had seen previously
none look right . non - familiar
not certain , but leaning towards myself being correct . do n't remember any of these from yesterday
not certain . because i 'm not certain
50 % . unsure
somewhat . i think i remember seeing him
very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures at all from the list .
kinda sure . he feels familiar
completely certain .. i remember seeing this photo .
not very certain . the faces are n't familiar
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
half certain . bone structure of the face , eyes , facial hair ( DIS HAPAX HAPAX , i remember his face being slightly darker toward the mouth and neck without long facial hair )
fairly certain . don recognize anybody
i do n't recognize any of these young men .. i just do n't recognize any of them .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any
i am not certain at all . they do not ring a bell to me
not very certain . his face stood out as familiar
i 'm 100 % certain i saw this face yesterday . i specifically remember seeing this person 's face
i am pretty certain . the shape of the head with the goatee .
not too certain . the shape of his chin looks familiar
i am quite uncertain . the face looks familiar but i am unsure
i think i saw this face in the previous lineup , but with different clothing .. i 'm not certain that i saw the above face , the clothing change HAPAX me off some .
sort of . none are familiar but can not know for sure
fairly certain . his eyes are familiar .
i am pretty certain . i 'm pretty sure i remember seeing this guy .
very . none of these faces look familiar
pretty sure . i think i saw him
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
certain . looks like my DIS
not sure . do n't remember
not too certain .. i vaguely remember seeing him in the lineup , but it 's not a strong memory . i do n't feel confident about this choice .
i 'm 20 % sure i saw this guy .. i think i remember his face .
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
not all that sure . he looks familiar but now i 'm not sure .
i know i have seen 1 of faces but two looks so alike i 'm not sure which one i saw . looks familiar but he also looks similar to the man HAPAX to the right of him i ca n't be sure
not really sure . i feel like i may have seen this face
i am certain . i remember this face and expression
not confident . i ca n't remember the faces very well .
totally . not familiar at all
almost certain . i do n't recognize any of these guys , but i feel like i should .
not very . he looks familiar .
same reason as before .. looking for exact picture of previous DIS .
i am somewhat certain . these guys do n't seem familiar to me .
i am very certain . none of these faces look familiar .
not at all certain . none of these faces are triggering any DIS , but i ca n't say for certain that they were n't HAPAX . they may not have memorable faces .
i am certain . none of these were present
fairly certain . do n't notice any of the distinct characteristics from others
pretty certain . again , some features looked familiar , but not enough to pick them out
certain . DIS hair .
not very .. i think he was smiling .
certain . i do n't think i saw any guys that look like this .
sort of certain . none look particularly familiar .
somewhat certain . i think i remember seeing him .
i am almost certain that i remember him .. his hair is familiar and his eyebrows .
i am 100 percent certain .. i remember this face .
fairly certain . . i do n't remember these faces .
not certain . because i 'm not certain
i font think any of these were pictured earlier . i do n't remember seeing these faces .
fairly certain . his HAPAX face seems familiar .
fairly sure . i do n't think vie seen any of them
i remember this guy very well .. i thought he was cute , so he definitely stood out in my head .
certain . hairline and face .
" not too certain . face " " rings a bell " " "
very . i did not see any of them
not all . i do n't recognize them
very . faro .
somewhat certain . i remember a similar face and maybe the haircut .
not really certain . he looks familiar , but i am not sure if he was there
quite certain . none of the faces in this lineup look familiar .
fairly certain . no one looks familiar
not very certain at all , i would n't HAPAX any HAPAX on my choice that 's for sure .. the HAPAX in his facial expression seemed somewhat familiar but not enough to DIS any real certainty HAPAX the choice .
i am positive . this face is familiar
very sure .. he looks like one of my friends .
i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face .. i feel confident about saying i 'm extremely certain about seeing this face before .
kind of certain . feel kind of certain i 've seen the face
somewhat certain . his hair , his eyes and around his mouth
looks familiar . i 'm not certain but appears to be a familiar face
pretty sure . i do not even slightly recognize any of these faces .
very certain . i definitely recognize this guy
i do n't remember their faces .. i 'm not very certain that i did n't see their faces .
fairly certain . i do n't really recognize any of these faces , but could be wrong
fairly certain i do n't recognize anyone . i do n't recognize anyone
a little certain .. i think i saw this one .
certain . i remember his hairstyle .
i am almost 100 % positive that i saw him yesterday . he reminded me of kenya west when i saw him yesterday , so he is an easy face to remember
slightly certain . none looked familiar .
i 'm pretty certain .. it just feel correct to me from my memory .
somewhat . i remember his features like his face shape and hair , although he has a different expression today
i am fairly certain i seen this guy in the lineup .. i remember a young black man that was not smiling and mi fairly sure this is him
i remember this man . i remember his face
not very confident at all . . do not remember any of these faces .
moderately . one looks vaguely familiar but now since i am looking at so many faces i ca n't be sure
i 'm a little more than half certain . the face seems very familiar
i am 80 % sure .. do n't remember any of those faces .
somewhat . do n't see
fairly confident . one face looked familiar however the mouth was not right .
pretty certain .. i do n't recognize anyone .
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i remember this face .
not very . i do n't think i remember any of these from the previous line up
i think so ? . he just looks familiar
almost absolutely certain . i do not recognize any of these faces .
very sure . i do n't recognize this faces .
i font recognize any of those faces . they do not look failure
not certain . i ca n't positively identify any of those men
sure . i do n't recognize any of them
i am fairly certain about my choice .. his eyes and ears stood out to me .
not very . seemed familiar .
slightly certain . the eyebrows and eyes look familiar which is why i chose him .
fairly certain . i do not recognize any distinguishing features with certainty
entirely . i remember this guy
i 'm slightly certain . i think i may have seen him before
i think i 'm wrong . he looks familiar , but i 'm not really sure
very .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
pretty sure . i do n't recognize them
very certain . he had a distinctive haircut
50 % this one actually looks familiar .. i recognize this guy actually
i am absolutely certain . i do not remember seeing any of the above people previously .
not very sure at all . i think i remember him , but honestly i am not certain
certain . i know he was in the lineup
fairly certain . none of them look familiar
absolutely positive he was in a picture earlier . he looks like a HAPAX HAPAX , and i thought the same when i saw the picture earlier .
fairly certain . the mans face shape , and distinctive features around the nose are very noticeable .
i am not very certain .. none of the faces are jumping out to me .
the face looks somewhat familiar . the type of hair and facial features look
i do n't remember these guys .. i am pretty sure .
mostly certain . i do n't recognize any of the above combinations of facial features
pretty sure . i do n't feel like i 've seen them before .
not very certain . i may have seen him
i do n't recognize anyone . none of the people look familiar .
somewhat certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period .
fairly sure . i do not recall seeing any of these faces in yesterday 's study , but i can not HAPAX it out entirely either .
fairly . none looks similar
i am uncertain if i have seen one of these faces before . the faces are beginning to all seem similar and they either seem like i have seen none of them or all of them , it is HAPAX
not . too many faces
certain . i do n't think any of these people were in prior pictures
very certain . the shape of the lips and eyebrows .
i am somewhat certain . i do n't see any familiar features .
not at all . . no face stands out .
uncertain . i do n't recognize anyone
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
i am not sure . i really don't remember seeing him
i am fairly confident i have seen this person before . . i remember this persons hair style and eyebrows .
not certain . because he looks a little familiar
very . no recognition HAPAX
very . remember his eyes .
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
it was the same face . it was the same face
not sure . a couple look vaguely familiar but not really .
80 . none of them look right
somewhat . none look familiar
somewhat certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation .
i do n't think that he is in this line up . i do n't remember seeing any of these people .
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
very . was n't there
uncertain . looks familiar , but ca n't be sure
i am very certain of seeing this man .. this man has the same hair and facial expression as one that i saw .
i do n't recognize any of those pictures .. i do n't remember seeing any of their faces previously .
slightly . no one looks familiar
not very certain . they do n't look familiar
mildly certain . face seems slightly familiar .. this face seems slightly familiar . i can tell the facial expressions are throwing me off .
i vaguely remember this guy at the very end , but now i do n't know . . the longer i do this test the harder this HAPAX and my memory of the people yesterday is HAPAX .
certain . i have seen the hair before
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of those people .
fairly certain . he looks familiar
completely sure . i do n't recognize any features on the examples shown .
somewhat . he looks like the guy in the blue & white plaid shirt
one of them i may have seen but in not sure . i think it is not him
i 'm about HAPAX % certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before .
not certain . these faces look new
very . i remember his nose
i am not very certain . i may or may not have seen this face . it looks familiar
paid really close attention , did not see this guy .. witness HAPAX are bad after a certain amount of time .
HAPAX HAPAX . they do n't look familiar .
certain . none of these looks familiar
i think . i do n't think i recognize any of them
i am quite certain . none of these men look like one that i have seen prior .
he seems familiar . i feel like he was in the lineup yesterday . i am not completely sure .
i am pretty sure . i do n't remember any of these faces
certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
pretty certain . i do n't think i remember any of these faces
maybe . had a different look
very accurate . i saw this face in the line up in a white shirt
i am pretty certain . i remember the faro / sideburns DIS
70 . facial hair
moderately sure . these faces seem unfamiliar
pretty certain . i could n't forget that hairstyle .
i think that guy was present . i 'm almost positive he was n't though
i 'm about 50/50 . again , none of these faces are triggering any DIS , but even less so than the DIS before ... which makes me think they simply were n't there
not very certain . seems familiar , i think i remember this one .
mi fairly certain . i remember the smug look
certain . looks very familiar
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces . i ca n't recognize anyone
not certain at all . he just seems to look like someone i saw yesterday
i am very certain i recognize the man above .. i recognize the haircut and mouth shape .
almost certain . i remember saying that this guy looked like kenya west
i 'm pretty certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
completely certain . i do n't recognize any of the features shown on the examples .
quite . no familiar faces
fairly . eyes and mouth
fairly sure . i do n't recognize any of those men .
i am not certain at all . i don't know . they all look the same
not sure but i font think i saw any of these faces before . i was n't sure .
i do n't think and am almost certain the person is not in the lineup .. i do n't recognize anyone in the lineup HAPAX to the person i thought i saw
not certain at all . in not certain .. he looks vaguely familiar
fairly certain . the facial expression seems familiar and unique .
i 'm about 50 % certain . i ca n't quite see any faces i recognize and i 'm certain that the bottom right face was n't in the faces previously the eyes look HAPAX HAPAX i do n't remember anything like that
fairly . i do n't recognize any of them
i do n't recognize anyone there , but i ca n't be sure if there 's a person i 've seen or not .. all of them look pretty generic and HAPAX . nothing about them stands out enough to make me remember anyone i 've seen already .
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday .. none of them look familiar .
i may have saw him . either i saw him earlier or he just reminds me of HAPAX
75 percent center . remember the face and forehead
very sure . his hair looks familiar .
i 'm fairly certain .. none of the faces seem familiar .
certain . mi sure
not certain . shape of face and ears .
very . i remember his haircut
fairly certain .. these guys do n't HAPAX me .
partially certain . he looks familiar .
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of these guys in any way . nothing about them stood out to me .
i am somewhat certain i recognize the above .. his eyebrows make me think i have seen him before .
absolutely .. his facial hair and structure of his face .
very . none of these faces are familiar .
fairly certain . none of these faces look familiar
certain . he is not here .
i 'm pretty certain .. i remember the hair .
i think i might have seen this guy . . i 'm not sure but he looks kind of familiar .
somewhat certain . i ca n't pinpoint any distinct features that would make me identify anyone
pretty certain . just do n't look familiar .
i do n't recognize any of these people , and i am very confident . none of these faces stand out as one i remember
positive . haircut and DIS eyes .
fairly certain . remember the facial hair .
i 'm a little bit certain .. i do n't think i remember seeing any of these faces , but i ca n't be sure .
i do n't recognize anyone . none of the faces look familiar .
somewhat certain . he looks familiar
i am one hundred percent certain because he looks familiar to me . he looks familiar , so i am certain i am correct
uncertain . font recall these people from photos
almost certain . i recognize the face
a little . i do n't remember any distinct features on any of them
very certain .. i did n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
a little certain . he seems a little familiar
a little certain . do n't recognize eyes hair mouth
not at all certain . i think i may have seen that one but ca n't be sure
pretty certain . i remember this picture because he looks like one of my friends .
i did not see anyone of these people because they do n't have blue eyes . the faces in the slide show had blue eyes none of these do .
somewhat . i feel like one or two look familiar , one more than the others , but i can not place him in my mind of being there yesterday !
i am about 50 % certain i saw him yesterday . i believe i saw him
i did n't see any of these people last time . i did n't remember any of these faces
completely . i remember his eyes and hair .
not certain . no one stands out .
i am not very positive .. i think the nose and hairstyle look familiar .
not certain . head and ear shape appear similar to someone i remember
certain . i think i have seen him before with a different shirt on
almost certain . can not remember any of these faces
kind of certain . several of these pictures look very similar but not all of them
no . font recognize
pretty certain .. he just looks DIS
somewhat certain . none of these faces seem that familiar , but i 'm not sure if it 's because they are just HAPAX , white guy faces or if i really have n't seen them before .
i 'm 90 % certain i recognize this person from the previous slides . . the person is recognizable mostly because of his haircut .
i am a little certain . i recall the face shape and ears , i think this is him
75 . i font remember any of them
pretty sure . a lot of the white guys were kinda frat HAPAX - HAPAX too and i do n't remember seeing any of these
almost certain . i HAPAX to recall the head shape and facial features .
very . i recognize the hair and facial features
maybe 50 % certain . the clothes are different so i 'm not positive
i do n't recognize any of these . . none of these even look remotely familiar to me .
absolutely . all of the faces i saw had certain DIS features i remembered them by , none of which are present here .
i remember him so i 'm 100 % certain .. he was smiling last time but i remember his hair and his face quite HAPAX .
fairly certain . none of them look familiar .
certain . looks familiar but expression is different
looks familiar . vaguely remember him
i am not at all certain i remember this person . even though i am not certain that i saw this person , for some reason he looks familiar to me .
not very certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces , but i feel like i should .
semi certain . lips and nose look familiar
moderately certain . i do not remember any of the faces from above
pretty familiar . his hair and eyebrows look familiar .
sort of . i remember the chin
somewhat certain . i do n't think i remember any of these faces .
not very certain . looks similar to someone i saw in the line up
somewhat . i do n't remember these faces
certain . same chin eyes and nose as one i 've seen before .
not very certain . in not certain but this one seems familiar
fairly sure . do not recall any of these
it 's hard for me to tell if i recognize them . they all have similar and common facial features which is making it hard to decide .
uncertain . do n't recognize any faces
i feel like i remember seeing this face .. i remember his eyes and the way his eyebrows were set .
i 'm not very certain about this one .. some of the faces seem like they look a little familiar , but i 'm not sure any of them were in the lineup .
very certain . i remember his facial structure and hair .
none look familiar . none look familiar to me .
i am certain .. i do not recall seeing any of these men .
may be a little certain . the tilt of the head and the look seems familiar
i am pretty confident . he looks familiar , i especially remember seeing someone with a similar mouth .
very certain . i believe that is the same picture from yesterday
do n't recognize anything about anyone 's face . nothing stands out as familiar
very uncertain . no one seems familiar
uncertain . i 'm not sure
i definitely did not see any of these faces . i saw similar looking men , but none that were these guys .
completely . i remember this person
pretty positive . i remember his mouth and nose , and hairstyle
75 % . i remember his facial features , different haircut maybe .
somewhat certain . the photo looks like one of the previously viewed faces
pretty certain . again , different expression but i remember his face
fairly certain . i font recognize anyone
pretty sure . i do n't remember any white guys with hair like these guys '
quite certain of my selection . facial recognition .
somewhat . i do n't remember any of them that well .
remember . saw him before
none look familiar . i do n't recognize any of them
not sure . i do n't think i recognize any of these men
i 'm very certain . because i font remember any of the faces
maybe ? . he looks somewhat familiar - the hair looks right
none of the people shown appear familiar to me . . i do not recognize anyone from these pictures .
not very . i think i remember his hair cut and brows .
i am fairly sure i saw his face . i remember this picture looking old , like from several HAPAX ago , his hair in particular
none were present . these were not present in the original set
a little bit . i remember his eyes
i am pretty sure . i remember the facial expression of the guy that i selected
uncertain . the HAPAX of his head seems really familiar
a little . looks familiar but not sure
i 'm pretty sure .. he looks a little like kenya west
very . he looked like kenya west
i 'm not very certain . . i 'm not for sure but i think i have seen his eyes before .
extremely certain . i remember his hair and face .
in a little certain . maybe 50 percent .. he seems familiar , i tried to remember certain features .
uncertain . font recall these people from photos
i strongly remember seeing this face .. i recognize the lip color and the face shape .
not certain . the face looks familiar , but i really ca n't tell if he was one of them .
very certain . i 'm very certain i saw that face yesterday because it is a unique face and is easy to remember .
do n't remember . i ca n't remember those faces
mainly certain . familiar facial hair
fairly certain . do n't recognize anyone from original photos .
maybe . ca nt remember
i am not completely certain of my choice . . after looking at the pictures above i can not pick one of these men . i do not remember seeing any yesterday .
somewhat sure . i think there was a previous photo in which this man was making a goofy face . now he is HAPAX . i think i remember a DIS in his teeth but i can not see it in this photo .
fairly certain . i think i remember his eyes .
they do not look familiar . i do not recognize them
100 % . i font think any were seen before
very certain . remember his expression .
pretty sure . nothing familiar
i am pretty sure . i do n't remember anything about these faces
very uncertain . does not look familiar
i am fairly certain i do not recognize the men above .. i do not recognize any of the men above .
i 'm not too certain .... he looks like the guy in the tank top shirt from yesterday
i 'm not entirely sure . i feel like i 've seen him before though . his hair line is the same , and the structure of his mouth looks the same . i recognize his eyes as well .
uncertain . these faces do not look familiar
very certain . faces seem unfamiliar .
not very confident .. the beard is something i remember but that 's about it .
somewhat . no familiar faces
very . i remember those eyes
pretty certain . none of the above men look familiar
i am not certain , i have a vague recollection of the previous lineup .. i made the response because in not certain at all of the choice i HAPAX the appearance .
certain . i remember his hair .
i have no idea . i am starting to get confused about what faces i 've seen before
pretty certain . i font remember seeing any of these guys
i do n't see any faces i recognize . i do n't see any faces i recognize .
i 'm kinda certain .. cheeks and eyes look familiar .
fairly certain . definitely looks like one of the people shown earlier .
i am DIS . i remember his hairstyle and facial features
quite certain . the man looks familiar to who i saw yesterday . his hair looks familiar
very . i recall 0 people so far in the study in that DIS .
he may have been present . he looks familiar .
i do n't think i 've seen these men before . no DIS features are sticking out to me
100 % certain that . no doubt in my mind .. honestly , i thought this guy was really attractive . and looking today i think the same thing . and i never think many men are attractive .
semi sort of certain .. i recognize those features .
absolutely certain . i remember his facial features .
i do n't remember seeing any of the guys in the above lineup from yesterday 's lineup .. none of the guys above look familiar from yesterday 's lineup at all .
not entirely certain . they 're all so DIS looking . a lot ( if not all ) of the people in the pictures were smiling in their photos so it 's a little difficult to remember
i really have no idea . i honestly do n't remember any of them , they 're all starting to look the same
very certain remember the eyes . the eyes are very HAPAX .
fairly certain . i ca n't remember any of these faces .
not really certain . he looks familiar to one of the photos in the original lineup
kind of certain . looked familiar
not sure . no one looks familiar
somewhat certain . eyes
seems different . font see him
maybe i 've seen this guy . . i 'm not totally sure , but he looks kind of familiar .
very . none of the traits i had HAPAX in my memory show up here
i 'm sure . i 'm sure
font know . font know
fairly sure . he looks familiar
not very . none of these guys rang a bell to me
fairly certain . he looks familiar but i may be wrong because he was smiling before
50 % percent sure i did see him yesterday , he has the same hair .. i do recall seeing a similar face as the hair HAPAX that i saw him yesterday but i 'm only 50 % certain .
very . i recognize the man HAPAX .
i am sort of certain . i kind of remember him but maybe it was the man on the left that i recall
somewhat certain . i do not recognize any of these faces .
fairly certain . remember eyes
i 'm pretty certain , the man that i chose above has a very distinct face .. the man that i chose has a very distinct face shape and his eyes and lips are what i remember the most .
i am fairly certain . he looks familiar .
very . none of these faces are familiar .
not very certain . i did n't recognize any of them
very certain . he looks like HAPAX DIS HAPAX kenya west . i remember thinking that when i saw him .
fairly certain . font remember these faces
unsure . ca n't remember
i 'm not sure about this group .. i do n't think i saw any of these faces yesterday , but i 'm not very sure about it .
very certain . i recognize him
not certain at all . the clothing similarities make it difficult , as that was one HAPAX i was HAPAX attention to .
pretty certain . i 'm pretty sure i remember seeing his face and expression
pretty sure . distinctive hair and facial hair .
i believe i may have seen this face before , though i am not certain . the face i selected appears familiar .
i 'm very certain . i remember his facial hair .
i do n't remember any of these guys . none
50 percent . it looks like one of them
pretty sure . i remember that guy 's haircut .
i 'm about 60 % sure i recognize this guy . . i remember the HAPAX hair and the DIS .
somewhat certain . i do n't remember them
not at all certain . i do n't see anything i recognize
i am absolutely certain . i do not recall seeing any of these faces .
not very . looks familiar
mostly . pretty sure none of these are photos from yesterday
somewhat certain . i do n't specifically recognize any of the faces above .
very certain . clearly remember his face
i 'm fairly certain .. i do n't recognize these faces .
do n't think so . none of the men stand out to me
font remember these faces . different looks
fairly certain . none of the faces look super familiar
not completely certain . the width of the neck and the acne ring a bell with me but i do not feel confident .
i think i saw him before . he kind of looks familiar
a little certain . he seems some familiar
very certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
somewhat certain . it looks like someone i have seen
i am sure i did n't see any of these faces .. i do n't remember anyone looking like any of these people .
kinda certain . in pretty sure that was the face but definitely remember the shirt
no faces look familiar .. i do n't recognize any of these .
unsure . ca n't remember
maybe i recall him . not so sure on this one
i seen him yesterday . he looks like someone i know so i remembered him from yesterday
slightly certain . this face just seems familiar
very . no one looked familiar
pretty certain . i font ' recognize anyone 's facial expression .
not certain at all .. i feel like i might recognize a few of them , but then again , i do n't know ... at the end of the day i do not really remember the features of any of these DIS people .
very confident .. the hair . the expression helps , but i remember this guy 's hair .
uncertain . none of these people look familiar , but i 'm not confident that they were n't in the lineup
kind of certain . i do n't recognize anyone , nobody looks familiar
not sure . none of the eyes look familiar
i am fairly certain . none of these pictures looks like one that i have seen .
certain . eyes and hair very distinct
i am about half sure that none of the people here were in the original show . one looks familiar , but his face does n't look quite right . i do n't remember these faces .
fairly certain . no one here looks even a little familiar
i am very certain .. i remember his face and HAPAX more specifically his right - leaning position .
unsure .. there is one who kind of looks similar but is n't close enough for me .
positive . these are all really HAPAX dudes .
certain . i remember thinking he looks HAPAX
extremely . i know
not certain .. i ca n't remember these guys .
not very certain . i just font remember any if these faces
i think he was in the lineup . i think i recognize him
somewhat certain . i 'm not sure but i do n't think i saw any of them yesterday
certain . recall the face
like 50 % . he looks sort of familiar
i am not very certain .. i am not very certain because some of the people shown above look familiar but then again they do not .
certain . i know i 've seen this face before .
certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
somewhat certain . it 's the only one that looks familiar . i gave this guy the DIS puff daddy
fairly certain . i do not recall any of these men .
pretty sure . i do n't remember these guys
i DIS recall seeing him .. his eyes and the shape of his face look vaguely familiar .
probably right . i do n't remember those guys
HAPAX . remember him
i am somewhat certain .. i do not know if i saw this person in the lineup .
so so on this one . the shirts throw me off
i am almost 100 percent certain this photo yesterday . . he reminds me of a famous DIS .
75 % . did not see any of these people yesterday .
somewhat . the guy reminded me of my friend , but i 'm not sure
not sure . do n't remember
not very certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces .
only partially certain . none of them ring a bell , they do n't look familiar to me
i am fairly certain . nobody here looks familiar .
unsure . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces
i am somewhat sure .. he looks like someone i saw .
pretty sure . i remember his face , i recognize it
not positive . i do n't remember their faces .
unsure . look similar but ca n't distinguish exact match
somewhat . do n't remember any of them
fairly certain .. none of the men look overly familiar .
i think i remember his face , not sure though . just his features , DIS eyes and HAPAX face seems familiar
very certain . i do n't remember any of those facial expressions
not real sure . i think i may have seen this guy before , but i do n't know .
not certain . none look familiar .
i am completely sure .. i remember his bangs .
moderately sure . the shape of this man 's face looks familiar
about HAPAX . one looks familiar but mi not sure
very certain . i know i saw the person before
very certain .. recognizable facial features
not very certain . i think i recognize his eyes and hair
somewhat certain . the face looks familiar , but i think he was wearing a white shirt in previous photo
i am mildly certain .. i do n't recall seeing these men yesterday .
i think i am certain . i think i remember his face
unsure . font think i saw him
" i believe i 'm right on this one . more confident than not .. i believe i remember this guy 's face , but he had more neck HAPAX and was smiling so DIS not 100 % "
very certain . HAPAX appearance
kinda certain . . kinda remember him .
in pretty certain . i think i remember seeing him
somewhat . recognizable facial features
certain . there were two black males who looked like 70 's basketball HAPAX . this second one was wearing a tank top .
not certain . thought about top left , top right , & bottom right
i believe i remember seeing him because of his facial hair . i made it because i think i remember seeing him .
unsure . just looks familiar
none look familiar . none of their faces i remember
partially certain .. the hair and facial features look familiar .
i did n't see any of the men from above , in yesterday 's pictures .. none of the guys above look familiar to me at all from yesterday 's lineup .
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys .
i 'm not certain .. none of these faces look familiar .
semi certain . none of these guys look familiar to me
very certain . though the bottom right seems slightly familiar . none stand out other than the bottom right . but not enough for me to identify him .
not very . he looks a bit familiar .
not very certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
almost certain . i tried to give the faces names . so that i would remember them DIS . this one looks like the kenya .
moderately sure . the facial features on these men do not match what i HAPAX in memory
pretty confident but not certain . do n't recall any of their faces
i am certain i have not previously viewed these HAPAX . i do n't remember any of their faces .
not certain . the eyes and the nose seem familiar .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any faces .
kinda sure noon i saw earlier is in the lineup . i do n't recognize anything from anyone in the lineup .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
fairly certain . pretty sure i saw this guy
very certain . i think i have seen him before and i thought he was attractive
not sure . i ca n't remember if i have seen any of these people
not very . i ca n't recall a similar face
somewhat . do not recognize any of the faces above
80 % sure . i feel like none of them are from the list of people i 've seen .
certain . i remember his HAPAX top and hair
i 'm not positive on this one at all .. not positive , there is one guy 's photo that looks familiar but it 's a different expression or his head is at a different angle .
i have never seen these faces before . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces before . the DIS picture ( bottom left ) is a slightly DIS , but i do n't remember any of these men .
i am pretty sure i saw him before .. he looks DIS familiar .
somewhat certain . he eyebrows and eyes look familiar .
certain . nt present
pretty uncertain .. i think some of these people have distinct enough features that i 'd remember them , but that 's never HAPAX
fairly certain . i think i saw this guy like DIS times in the line up , his nose and eyes are very familiar .
i am 60 percent certain .. none of these faces look familiar but i might not remember them .
do n't recognize any of these , but i 'm not sure . ca n't recall any of these faces
i 'm not at all certain . he looks familiar . he seems familiar in his face but i 'm not sure
i am very certain .. i made that response because i 'm very certain that i saw that man yesterday !
i am 75 % sure .. he looks very familiar , but with a different expression and shirt color .
75 . i recognize his eyes and haircut / color
not confident at all .. do not remember these faces .
very certain . definitely saw him , remember his nose , lips , facial hair , semi - faro .
i 'm halfway certain that i saw him yesterday . i think i remember seeing him yesterday and i found him attractive
i 'm 80 percent certain .. i do n't remember these faces .
i think i 'm right on this one , there are n't many HAPAX that i remember from the faces .. there are n't a lot of points that i can remember seeing in these faces , so i do n't think they are from the original .
certain . no face looks familiar to me
somewhat certain . none of them look familiar .
somewhat familiar . i think the guys head size was similar to a mugshot i saw yesterday
not very certain . none of these faces are standing out
looks similar . looks like one of the others i had seen
fairly sure . i remember the frat boy like face
a bit . i do n't remember any of these .
maybe . kinda looks familiar .
fairly certain . he looks like my friend
not sure . do n't remember
unsure . i do n't remember them
fairly certain . recognize facial traits
very certain . i font remember any of them
not very . no one looks too familiar
pretty certain this is boy HAPAX . i named this guy boy HAPAX cause he looks like he is in a boy HAPAX .
extremely certain . i remember him clearly .
certain . font remember seeing these faces .
not that certain . might have seen one before , not sure
pretty certain i have never seen these guys before . i tried to give every person i saw earlier a feature to remember them by and i do n't see any of those with these people
fairly certain . i do n't think i saw any of these faces yesterday
not certain but he looks familiar . he looks familiar
not very . he looks most familiar of these
very certain . ca n't recall any of the faces
pretty sure . the hair and facial hair look very familiar
pretty certain . he looks like kenya and may actually be kenya
100 % certain . because i thought the guy was attractive
fairly certain . he looks familiar
pretty sure . seems familiar
i am almost certain that i saw this face yesterday . he has on a different colored shirt and the DIS is different but i recognize the face
i 'm fairly unsure about my response .. i am unsure because although i feel like the person i chose could be accurate due to making mental notes on who looked like a douche DIS with a douche haircut , but at the same time , i just do n't know entirely if this was who i saw .
i am not at all certain .. the face in the above image looked a little familiar but i 'm not totally sure .
not 100 % certain . i ca n't specifically remember any of these faces , but am not sure if i am just not remembering
fairly positive . remember the HAPAX facial hair .
kind of certain . i think i saw him earlier
kind of . i am not sure if i saw them
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces before . i do n't remember any of these faces .
not certain .. i do n't recall any of the faces .
somewhat , not very . i seem to remember this person or a similar person with a similar facial expression in one of the photos .
somewhat . do n't remember this person at all . ca n't recall any details
i am almost entirely confident in my answer .. i 'm not completely certain because i feel like a couple of them are a face i may have seen , but i made mental notes on the DIS HAPAX looking like people from nba and none of them are calling out to me with that mental note .
fairly . do n't recognize any of the faces
certain . his eyes and nose were memorable features .
i am very certain he was present . i remember the faro and goatee
i think i saw this guy . again , i am totally not sure , though . i think i recognize him .
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
very .. do n't recognize any of the faces .
fairly certain .. i feel like i 've seen him before .
fairly certain . none of them look familiar .
maybe . not sure
a little . his nose , i think i remember it
i am almost certain . he looks familiar
fairly certain . they all look vaguely familiar but i do not remember any one specifically from the lineup .
almost certain . no one is present from lineup .
i think i saw the person before . looks kind of familiar
i font remember any of these . mi confused
fairly . look familiar .
80 % certain . none of them stand out to me
i do n't remember seeing any of these people .. they do n't look familiar
i am not close to certain .. he looks like a more HAPAX being ,
i recall his face from the photos yesterday . he looks familiar to me
fairly certain . none of them looked familiar
50 percent certain i saw this guy yesterday . i remember him because i thought he looked like a DIS player
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing these guys
not certain . no one looks familiar .
fairly certain . i think i remember someone with that particular expression and bone structure
pretty certain . remember him
sure . they all look the same
somewhat sure . i think i remember his facial hair
not very certain . i think i remember the eyes and eyebrows of this guy .
somewhat certain .. none of the men look familiar in this lineup .
i 'm about 40 % certain . . none of the facial features stick out to me .
not terribly . the HAPAX DIS chin is a DIS characteristic .
pretty certain . his face looks familiar .
i 'm pretty certain . beard .
confident . i remember this person
i am extremely confident . his face stuck out immediately .
uncertain . i do n't know
certain .. i recognize his face .
not that certain . seemed the most familiar
fairly certain . none look familiar
very certain . i do not recognize any of these faces .
not certain . he looks somewhat familiar .
i 'm fairly certain i saw him yesterday .. i believe i remember seeing this face , except that he was smiling yesterday .
i am not certain at all on this one . . i just do not recall seeing any of these faces yesterday
sort of certain . he looks familiar .
possible . looks like a different HAPAX of the photo
somewhat . i feel like i have seen his face before .
slightly unsure . ca n't remember these faces
unsure . ca n't remember
i somewhat remember the face shape . the face looks familiar
not very . ca n't say for sure i have seen any of them
uncertain . looked slightly familiar
i think there is a good chance .. his face just sticks out .
i 'm really not that certain .. i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces before .
i 'm almost 100 percent confident . he looks like a basketball player and i remember him easily
slightly . looks familiar
very . do n't recognize the face structure of any of these people
not too certain . he is black .
not certain . i do n't remember any of them .
very certain . i remember him from yesterday
fairly certain . do n't remember him .
not too certain . looks familiar based on nose and face shape , but expression may have been different .
i am a little certain .. the image looks vaguely familiar .
he looks familiar . he looks like someone i saw earlier
not very confident . i think i remember the facial hair on this gentleman . that 's what i 'm going with .
pretty certain . i remember this person 's features .
very . i do n't remember these faces .
very uncertain . none of them look familiar
somewhat sure . i font remember details face just looks familiar
somewhat . the head tilt and his features remind me of one of the previous photos .
absolutely certain . i remember seeing him
i am not sure . they do not look familiar
not too certain . i feel like i recognize this person 's expression
somewhat certain . again , none of the faces look familiar
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys before . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys before .
i am not very certain of the HAPAX above .. i think i recognize him by skin tone , with HAPAX on his cheeks and forehead .
i think a little bit that i saw this guy . i remember the angle of is head
somewhat . there is one face that looks familiar but i am not sure
not very certain . he looks a little familiar but i 'm not sure
extremely certain . i remember seeing this person yesterday because of their unique facial structure and their beard .
do n't recognize anyone . none look familiar
certain . not recognizing any faces .
nice lineup . he looks a little bit familiar .
moderately certain . . none of the faces are familiar .
slightly uncertain . they look very close to one of the faces i saw yesterday but there seems to possibly be some small differences .
none look familiar , yet they seem memorable .. i recognize unique features HAPAX .
i 'm completely certain i saw this face yesterday . his face stands out for some reason , i know i saw this face
a little certain . i 'm not for sure
i think i remember him in the line up but i 'm not totally sure . i think i remember his neck , but i do n't know if that is a DIS thing to go on , since a lot of people probably have similar HAPAX
not that certain . might have seen one before , not sure
not at all .. none of these faces stand out
fairly . no particular feature stands out to me
pretty sure . the hair and face angle
pretty certain . font see anyone
very certain . i recall his face
i 'm kinda certain about seeing this face before . . i feel confident about saying i 'm kinda certain about seeing this face before .
not very . he seems sort of familiar .
slightly certain . i 'm pretty sure i did n't see any of these faces
extremely certain . i recognize his eyes and his beard .
not certain . his hair looks familiar
fairly certain . i do not recall any of these faces from yesterday
fairly certain . that face looks very familiar
only partially certain .. his facial features and hair DIS .
i font recognize any of these people . no one looks familiar
a little bit . his weird face
i 'm slightly certain . i 'm vaguely sure that i 've seen this man 's face before , but i could n't tell you where .
not certain . i saw a lot of faces
pretty certain . none of them stand out
i am fairly sure . i do n't recognize any of these faces , but i could have forgotten .
fairly certain . i am almost positive that i do not recognize these people , but there 's a small chance i 'm wrong .
fairly sure . none of them look familiar .
very certain . hair , facial hair
there is no one present from yesterday . there are no faces that i recognize from yesterday 's pictures .
not at all . again , i do n't recognize these faces , but i 'm pretty sure there would n't be this many DIS where i was n't given a face from before
certain . he looks familiar
none of these young men look familiar to me .. i ca n't seem to recognize any of them .
fairly certain . i remember this guy because he looks like an old school HAPAX HAPAX .
very certain .. they do n't look familiar to me .
did n't see that face . sure of it .. again , this is a gut feeling .
i am very certain . i do not recognize any of the faces shown here .
i think i saw him . i think i remember his expression
not certain . has some features that are familiar
pretty sure . i remember the face .
very certain . not there
certain . DIS , none of these guys
i 'm a little certain . none of these faces look too familiar , maybe a few look sort of familiar but not enough for me to call them out .
i 'm about half certain that this guy was in the line up . . his face and hair look familiar . i believe he was smiling in the line up photo .
i 'm fairly certain of my response .. i made the DIS response because i 'm fairly certain none of these people resemble the person in question .
not very certain .. i 'm not sure if i saw this one or not .
pretty sure . do not look familiar
not sure . i ca n't say for sure whether i 've see him before
unsure . looks familiar
certain . do n't see him .
in between somewhat and mostly sure . cheekbones to HAPAX for .
i am fairly certain of my response .. none of the faces seem familiar to me .
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i do n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
pretty sure . i font recognize anyone
not very . one or two looked vaguely familiar , but not enough to click on .
very certain . no memorable faces
not sure but i do n't think i 've seen them . they do n't appear familiar
100 % . i know this face was in the study
i 'm fairly sure . i feel i remember the facial features and the eyes of this person .
fairly . memory
slightly . this one , it 's the lighting . i HAPAX to wonder if you all had HAPAX HAPAX .
not entirely certain . . his eyes seem to look familiar .
i am certain about him . i have seen him
certain . remembered the large nose and small ears .
i 'm not at all certain . they all look very similar .. i do n't remember if i seen any of these faces yesterday
HAPAX ! this guy had a great smile and big HAPAX . named this guy HAPAX !
fairly certain . this face rings a bell
none look familiar . do not recall any of these
50 . just because
uncertain .. do n't recognize any of the faces .
very . did not see before .
slight certain . he looks a little familiar
i do n't think i recognize anyone here , but i 'm not really sure . none of the faces look familiar
pretty certain . the eyes and the nose look familiar
i 'm quite certain . everything about the face looks familiar
slightly , but not very . he looks familiar , but i 'm not certain .
somewhat certain . the facial shape , eye shape , and chin shape are close if it is n't him .
somewhat certain . looks familiar
very unsure .. none of the faces ring a bell for me , but i could very easily be mistaken .
medium . no one looks familiar
somewhat certain . i do n't think i saw any of them .
very certain .. i recognize this person from the photos before .
70 . eyes look familiar
reasonably certain . none of the facial features look familiar . though the top middle one could be .
pretty sure . i font remember these faces
somewhat sure .. i think i saw the guy yesterday
not certain . none of them look familiar .
i font recognize any of those faces . i dint see them
i think so . i think i remember him
semi . looks familiar
fairly certain . his fair looks familiar
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
not at all . i do n't remember these guys
not certain . the small head kind of looks like who i saw yesterday
i 'm pretty certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
not too certain . none of them look familiar to me although one sticks out as somewhat more familiar than the others but i do n't recall him being in the pictures .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i do n't recall them
i am a little certain . the shape of the head and eyes make me think he was in the previous pictures .
60 % sure . looks familiar to one i 've seen previously , but looks like it also might not be one so i 'm not too sure .
pretty sure . none of them look familiar .
i am fairly certain . i do n't really recognize anyone shown here .
fairly . i think i recall , but it may be because i saw him in previous lineups
not very . do n't remember any of these faces from yesterday
a bit certain . i seem to recall this face .
moderately certain . their face looked familiar in the eyes , and hair
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them very clearly .
i do n't remember any of these faces at all .. i can not remember seeing any of the faces pictured .
i am fairly sure i have n't seen any of these faces .. i am not familiar with any of the faces .
i am very certain in my response .. although , not 100 % certain i do n't think that i have seen any of these faces before .
looks familiar . something about his face looks familiar .
very certain . clearly remember his face
little certain . looked like someone i knew
pretty certain . no one looks familiar
not very . no one looks familiar
50 . his nose looks familiar to me .
i am not very certain .. i made this response because i do not remember if i saw that person but he looks familiar .
pretty sure .. none of the faces looks even vaguely familiar .
completely sure . have n't seen these faces before .
certain .. the guys were n't seen .
completely . i recognize him very well .
none of them look familiar . if they do n't look familiar i font think i have seen them before
somewhat certain . do n't recognize eyes hair or mouth
i am pretty sure , not certain but he seems familiar . his hair and eyes remind me of someone i know
no one looks familiar .. i ca n't see any familiar picture in this group .
very certain . i do not recognize any of the faces in the lineup
this guy somewhat looks familiar . i think i saw him earlier in the hit although i ca n't really remember
certain . i do n't recognize anyone
not very . i do not recognize any of these people
i am certain .. i saw this person .
somewhat certain . again , none of the faces jump out at me .
pretty certain . no face looks familiar to me
moderately . i 've never seen any of these guys
certain . i believe i saw this face previously
pretty certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
pretty sure . i remember his face
somewhat certain . none look familiar
i think i saw him before . his hair looks familiar
none of these faces look familiar . . because none of the faces look familiar .
i am 100 % sure i saw this face .. i strongly recognize that face .
i 'm not very certain , but i think i remember seeing him . i 'm pretty sure i remember his face
i remember a different person .. the person in the lineup looked different .
semi certain . the face seems familiar
pretty certain . his eyes and facial structure look like one of the people i saw .
i am certain i have never seen any of these faces . no one looked familiar .
somewhat . face looks familiar from previous line up
extremely certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
a little certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
certain . i do not remember any of the faces looking like the ones above
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't recall seeing the faces above .
positive . he has an easy face to remember .
not really . i do n't remember these guys ,
not very certain . but still do not think he is here . . it 's just not triggering any memory . however , it is hard DIS so many of the black men just look the same .
very . font recognize them .
none of these are ringing a bell for me . i just do n't feel like i recognize any of these .
pretty certain . remember the face
50/50 . i think i remember the funny eyes
pretty certain . i do believe i remember seeing him .
a little . none look familiar
i 'm not very certain . they do n't look familiar
i do n't remember any of these faces . i do n't remember any of these faces
mostly . they do n't look familiar .
i am not extremely certain . i do not seem to recall any of these faces .
pretty sure . his facial hair looks very familiar to me
i 'm not at all certain .. the image above looks a little familiar .
very certain . remember this guy because he looks a little like kenya west .
font know . font know
somewhat . the eyes seem familiar
not certain at all . they all look the same
not sure to be honest . i do not remember seeing any of them
pretty certain . he looks like i guy i HAPAX a long time ago .
extremely certain . hair and expression are very similar to what i remember .
not sure . i do n't recall seeing any of them before , but they all look so similar .
i am pretty certain none of these men were included .. none of these men 's faces look familiar .
not certain . i font recognize any of them
not certain at all . i seem to recall someone that maybe looked like him from yesterday
not sure . some look familiar but unsure .
unsure . ca n't remember
i 'm not very certain but he looks familiar .. the shape of his face is familiar but i 'm not 100 % sure .
not very certain . nose looks vaguely familiar
somewhat certain . i do n't remember the faces
i do n't recall any of those faces . . because i do n't recall any of them .
a little . that picture jumped out at me and after HAPAX the others , it is the only one that seems familiar
he looks familiar . i 'm not positive but he looks familiar to me
fairly certain . none recognized
very certain . dint see any of these faces before .
certain . i did not see any of these people
not sure . none of them seem HAPAX
not very certain . i ca n't % 100 say that i remember any of these faces
no traits that i recognize . same
50 % sure . looks familiar i 'm less certain with him
not there . DIS he wast there
i am kind of certain i did not see any of those faces .. none of these faces look familiar to the ones that i saw yesterday !
fairly . one image looks familiar , but not familiar enough
fairly certain . nose , mouth , and ear shape .
pretty much . i font recognize anyone
i 'm 60 percent certain .. i think i may have seen him in the first task because he looks familiar .
uncertain . no familiarity
very sure . his eye shape , and his brows . also his lips look like he 's HAPAX .
i 'm fairly certain . none of the above look familiar .
not sure . i feel like i might have seen that person but it 's hard to tell .
somewhat certain . eyes stand out .
very certain . remember his big beard
certain . no one looks similar .
not sure . the ears look familiar
i believe i saw this man . i remember seeing someone in a blue shirt that looked like or was him .
mostly sure . do n't recognize any faces
very certain . i font remember seeing any of these mend HAPAX
do n't remember any of them . no features that DIS out
certain . remembered weird looking ears .
i 'm fairly certain .. none look overly familiar .
pretty sure . he looks like HAPAX HAPAX
very certain . not there
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't remember any of these men from yesterday .
ok . ok
fairly . looks familiar
in a little uncertain . i font remember any of these ones .
in pretty sure . he looks familiar so i think i saw him yesterday .
i do n't recognize any of these guys . i do n't remember any of these faces
not real sure . i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces before , but they are starting to HAPAX from my memory .
moderately certain . ears and hair cut .
i 'm sure .. i know that this is one of the faces from yesterday .
not sure . i do n't specifically recognize any of them
i font believe ice seen these people before . none of them stand out
fairly certain . i do not recall any of these mend faces .
i fairly certain i 've seen this face . the hair looks familiar .
mi pretty sure . i recall the eyes
unsure . not certain
not sure . i do not recognize any of these faces
fairly certain . did n't recognize .
absolutely positive . i remember thinking he looks like DIS DIS , an nba player , so he stuck in my mind
confusing on this one . i just do n't remember looking at these faces
pretty certain . i do n't recall seeing anyone from yesterday
not certain at all . ca n't find familiarity in these faces
totally . chin for HAPAX .
certain . no one is present from lineup .
mostly certain . no familiar features .
i definitely remember seeing this guy . i simply remember him . his haircut . his shirt was memorable last time , but now it 's changed .
somewhat certain . he looks HAPAX his eyes and mouth .
very . definitely seen his picture before
i am certain about my response because i do n't remember these faces . i do n't see any man on here that i remember .
i feel like i 'm familiar with this face .. the haircut and nose seems familiar to me .
somewhat certain . think he looks familiar .
somewhat certain . i am not exactly sure what face i saw
not . the eyebrows look familiar .
very certain . i remember seeing him .
this is more difficult than i thought . i am not very certain , again . . i think i remember the cocked head , but not sure .
kind of . pretty sure i 've never seen these faces
zero . zero
certain . none familiar .
very certain . i remember his hair .
not quite sure . i think i recall seeing him but not quite sure .
very certain . no one looks familiar from the line up .
fairly certain . i feel like i have seen his face before ... in this HAPAX it 's the mouth and the eyes .
pretty certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these people
i do not remember these men and i am certain .. because i do not remember them .
a little bit . he looks a little familiar
not very . i do n't recall any of the faces .
not very certain . i am not positive i saw him yesterday
not very certain . the DIS chin looks familiar
i 'm semi - certain .. the expression , angle of his face , and eyes seem familiar . it rings a bell but i ca n't be sure .
i am HAPAX confident . i do not recall anyone who looked like this .
i 'm slightly certain the person is in the lineup . i vaguely recognize the person in the lineup above
definitely remember . different shirt , but definitely remember him
somewhat certain . i do n't remember the faces
none . i do n't recognize any
only a little certain . only the one seemed familiar at all to me .
not too certain , this face sticks out to me though .. seems a bit familiar but not sure if i saw this face yesterday or not .
somewhat certain . i think i recognize that photo , but i am not positive .
not very certain . i do n't recall any of those faces .
i am a little certain that i saw this face yesterday . he looks familiar to me
looks somewhat familiar . his hair and face look somewhat like someone from the task
not confident . they all have certain features i remember but none look exactly right
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
somewhat certain . the way the hair is HAPAX , the shape of the face .
i am a little certain .. the image looks more familiar than any other i have seen so far .
60 . just because
a little . he looks familiar , but i am not sure
only partially sure . i do not recognize any of the faces , but could be wrong .
i am quite certain .. i do not recognize and of the above guys .
very . none look familiar .
not very . the eyes look familiar
very certain . don believe i saw any of them .
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
not very . no one looks familiar
pretty certain i have never seen any of these people . no one has the features that match the people i saw
somewhat certain . i really do n't remember any of these faces
not very . looks familiar
not very certain at all . i do n't think the face is that familiar , but the DIS and head tilt are . so i 'm really not sure .
not very certain . he looks familiar from the previous images .
moderately . none of them look familiar enough to be sure
pretty sure . i remember
not at all . none look familiar
somewhat . looks like a similar photo in original
not sure at all .. the bottom center face looks familiar to me , but i think that might be because i think he looks like DIS , and i think i would remember thinking that if i saw him before . none of the other faces felt familiar .
maybe him . face
i font recognize any of those . they do not look familiar
i 'm about 90 % certain . none of these faces trigger any sort of recognition for me .
pretty sure i remember him . his head shape is very memorable
" fairly certain . he looks very much like the gentleman i mentally HAPAX " " HAPAX HAPAX HAPAX " " during the first part . he has striking cheekbones . however , i could be wrong . "
somewhat . i think i remember seeing this person
certain . pretty sure
somewhat . hair line above the forehead .
" i am almost certain .. i remember the look in his eyes . also i recall him looking like a " " mouth - HAPAX " " before with his mouth DIS . "
somewhat . looks familiar .
25 % . was told to
i feel fairly confident that none of these faces look familiar . i do not recognize any of these faces .
i do n't recall seeing any of these faces , not certain at all . none of them look familiar to me
not really certain . i do not remember seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability .
kind of certain . i think i may have seen him
fifty percent . the HAPAX i get from seeing the photos , the harder it is to remember individual faces . none of these look right .
really certain . his eyes .
pretty certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
i can recall him somewhat . he stands out a little
HAPAX % . told to
a small amount . seems familiar
i am certain .. i recognized the persons face
pretty certain . his hair looks familiar
fairly certain .. i do n't see any faces i recognize .
somewhat certain . i 'm pretty sure i 've seen this face , but i 'm not that sure ...
kind of . facial features .
fairly . no one seems familiar .
fairly . font ' recognize any ... they pretty much all look the same .
somewhat . he looks familiar .
somewhat . face looks familiar
not really at all . the smirk seemed to stand out to me to i picked that guy
mostly certain .. i do n't recall anyone with these hair or eyes .
somewhat certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces .
don recall these HAPAX . 90 % on this one
i 'm about 20 % certain . the distinctive lips and ears in the face seem to match one from the previous set
not sure . no one stand HAPAX .
i remember this person . i remember this person 's ears
not very certain .. it could be the guy in the lower right picture , but i do n't know .
i am 100 % sure .. he was shown three times with a different shirt color and expression .
i am certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
50/50 . looks like someone from yesterday
a little . i remember that head tilt angle .
i am a little certain .. i think i remember this guy from before . the shape of his face stands out to me as far as recognizing him .
most of these men do not remind me of anyone i 've seen before . no one stands out to me .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
sort of certain . nobody stands out
not very certain . . i do n't think any of them were in the lineup .
not very certain . they all look much too similar to tell .
i 'm not certain .. none of these guys look familiar , but i do n't remember .
possibly seen this one . the face looks familiar
i am pretty sure i have n't seen the faces before .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
very certain .. i know i saw him .
totally . i saw him
somewhat . remember a goofy looking face
not very certain . none of them look familiar .
somewhat certain . it is the eye color , and lip shape that make me sure .
moderately certain . i remember most of the white people as being blonde
semi certain . face looks familiar
fairly certain . did n't recognize a face .
this guy looks familiar . he looks like a guy i seen yesterday
a little bit . i remember a guy being HAPAX
unsure . i do n't recognize anyone .
i am completely certain i saw this man yesterday ! . i know for a fact that i saw this mans picture yesterday !
a little . all these faces look kind of HAPAX HAPAX
not at all . font recognize any
not very certain . i ca n't say whether i 've seen any of these men before
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
i think i remember seeing this guy 's face . he looks more familiar to me than the other guys ' faces
he looks familiar . i feel this face stands out to me .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
very . not seen in line up .
certain . no one looks familiar .
a bit unsure . none of the faces look familiar , but they are all starting to look the same .
fairly certain . i remember his eyes and nose
i 'm not certain . i think i remember his intense DIS eyes
certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
semi - certain .. his face is familiar to me , but not too strongly .
fairly certain . i thought maybe the bottom right man here was in the previous . . even though i kinda thought the bottom right man was in the photo yesterday , i DIS no because i do n't remember there being a good looking black man yesterday . and this guy is semi cute .
pretty sure . none look that familiar to me
not quite certain . the man in the middle on the bottom seems familiar .
very certain . i remember from the chin DIS
very . i do not recognize them .
i am somewhat certain .. i may have seen this person .
none of these people look familiar . no distinct features
i am fairly certain . i am pretty sure i saw this face , but with a different expression .
certain . looks familiar .
pretty certain . nothing familiar about these faces
a little . i remember thinking he looked a little like a basketball player i used to like
about 90 percent . i feel like i saw him yesterday and remember that he looked like someone i know DIS .
pretty certain . attractive face remember
i pretty certain . the shape of the face and the eyes stand out to me .
none of them look familiar . do n't recognize any of them
i feel somewhat certain that i have seen him before . . his face rang a bell .
a little . they are all vaguely familiar which HAPAX one could probably be HAPAX but i ca nt be sure and could n't make a decision
somewhat certain . looks sort of familiar
very certain . not there .
the man in the top right corner looks like the guy i am thinking of , but not as happy . HAPAX , i think he is not there . . looks similar , but am sure it is not the same person .
this individual looks somewhat familiar . i think i recognize this individual .
somewhat . he looks somewhat familiar
very small . i remember thinking he looked like a HAPAX
90 % sure . non - familiar
fairly . looks very familiar
somewhat certain . looks familiar
very . i 'm pretty sure
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
i am not very sure that i saw this person . for some reason this person looks familiar but i am not totally sure about that .
fairly certain .. i do n't think i have seen any of them before .
fairy certain . i do not recall seeing any of these people .
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys .
i am somewhat certain . the cheeks and eyes .
i do n't recognize anyone . no one 's face matches my memory
not sure . i think i may remember him
somewhat certain . none of them look too familiar to me
kind of certain . none of these people look familiar .
i think mi certain that i font remember anybody here . i ca nt remember any of these
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of them .
not very sure . his hair looks different but the face seems familiar
sort of certain . these are strong faces , i HAPAX i would have remember them
pretty certain . i do not see any familiar faces
not really . i think this face looks familiar , but no certain feature stands out
kind of . he looks familiar
i do n't remember seeing any of these men .. i do n't recognize any of their features from the previous pictures i saw .
kinda certain . hair , chin structure .
moderately . seems like he was in the photos but not positive .
not certain at all .. i do n't recall seeing any of them .
not sure . he seemed the most familiar
not particularly . he seems familiar , but i could be DIS him for someone else .
very certain . i am certain
certain . none of these guys were in the pictures .
a little certain . he seems familiar but i may be mistaken .
he looks familiar . he is bald .
somewhat certain .. none of the men look familiar in the photos .
not very . no one jumps out .
fairly certain .. i think i remember his nose .
i 'm fairly certain about seeing this face .. i feel confident about saying i 'm fairly certain about seeing this face before .
to a degree . i do n't remember seeing them
none of these looked familiar .. i do n't remember any of their unique features .
pretty certain . none of these people look familiar .
i am positive he was one of them . i definitely remember his face
unsure . i gave the pictures DIS to remember them and then you changed them to no longer match
not certain . the nose looks familiar
moderately certain . when i saw the photo i had a feeling that i had seen it before
somewhat . do not recognize face structure of any of them
certain . i do n't recognize any of these men .
i am fairly certain .. i do n't remember any of these people .
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
very certain i do n't recognize anyone . i do n't recognize anyone
pretty certain . none look familiar .
not too sure . this is the only face that made me feel some sort of recognition .
pretty certain . haircut
not very certain . i think i remember his facial expression
somewhat . i think i saw this face in the lineup
quite . none of these HAPAX looks familiar
not very . i vaguely feel like i remember seeing that face .
very certain . i have not ever seen any of these people .
not certain at all . this guy is the most familiar , even though mi not sure its him
i am somewhat certain .. none of the men look familiar from the photos yesterday .
in really not certain . do n't stand out
i am almost entirely confident .. i am pretty certain that i do n't recognize any of the faces , but some DIS doubt is giving me a second HAPAX .
i am pretty sure i do n't recognize any of the faces here . none of the faces seem familiar to me
again like the previous one , not 100 % certain but i do n't recognize any of these faces . not 100 % certain but i do n't think i 've seen these faces
not very certain . the hair
moderately . i am 50/50
very accurate . i remember his flat hair cut
i do n't know . i barely DIS to see any of the faces yesterday and can only really remember specific features like their expression / clothing , etc . if there is someone present here then they look too different to recognize .
pretty sure . i do n't recognize anyone .
certain . none of them are recognizable to me
in only a little certain .. someone from previous photos could be present but no one looks familiar .
i am very certain of my response because i remember thinking to myself that he looked weird when viewing the picture . i made my DIS response above because he looks familiar and i HAPAX him with a thought i had when
i remember the shape of the head . his head is very familiar .
slightly . he just feels familiar to me .
pretty certain . looks similar to someone i saw in photos
pretty certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces before .
i may have seen him . not real sure but he seems familiar
font remember any of these faces . do n't remember seeing of these faces
60 . i think i might remember him
not certain at all . the guy i chose looks kind of familiar but not really
pretty certain . i saw his face earlier and recognized his brow
pretty sure .. i do n't recognize any of these haircuts or face shapes .
kinda sure . looks a little bit familiar
think i might have seen this guy . i am not positive
somewhat uncertain . none look familiar enough for me to recall clearly
not very certain . the face shapes did n't look familiar .
not one matches the lineup of previous male . no same eyes nose jaw hair
i am quite certain . his head shape stood out to me .
very . i remember the mouth
pretty certain . i feel like i remember his DIS and eyes
somewhat certain . this one looks familiar to me .
very close to being completely certain . i do not recognize any of these faces
unsure . none of these men look completely familiar , but one looks slightly familiar
not very certain . only face that i thought seemed familiar .
not really very certain .. the face rings a bell , i think .
pretty certain . the eyes look familiar and the hair
fairly certain . i think i remember the dark HAPAX under this mans eyes .
i am fairly certain . he looks like i have seen him before
i do n't recognize anyone in the lineup above . i 'm not certain if the person was in the previous faces picture or not
very certain . i do n't recognize HAPAX
fairly certain . none of the others looked familiar but this one did
not at all . do n't recognize them
i think this young man was picture before . i think i recognize the facial hair .
i am kind of certain . his ears are asymmetrical .
some . no familiar faces
not too certain . two of the faces looked familiar
very certain . none look familiar
somewhat certain . i think the person i said i recognized had a neck that was skinny but it 's hard to tell in the picture .
fairly certain . the mustache looks familiar .
almost somewhat certain , maybe .. some of these faces are from previous line - ups .
i remember him being present , so i am certain . his eyes look familiar
definitely 100 % certain .. the hair pattern DIS the forehead .
not that certain . this face is pretty familiar to me , but i 'm not sure if it 's because i know someone who looks like him or if i saw this face before .
very certain . i recall seeing a white male with an asymmetrical face .
very . i did n't see that person .
i am somewhat certain .. he looks similar to someone i saw .
not certain at all .. none of these faces are standing out .
maybe . unsure
moderate . i am not sure but i think i have seen him
i am pretty certain this is someone i saw . his facial features and hair color seem very familiar to me .
unsure . they all look them same and i ca n't remember the face
not very certain . no one looks familiar but i took my best guess
a little . one person still looked familiar
fairly certain . i do n't recognize these faces
not real postie . something looks familiar
i am fairly certain i have not seen any of these faces before . none of them seem familiar and they all look very similar
certain . his facial DIS , his eyes and hair , his mustache , his eyebrows being more HAPAX .
pretty certain . nobody looks familiar , i do n't recognize anyone
mostly certain . the facial structure and eyes were what i remembered .
not positive at all . these seem to be getting harder the more i go through !
i vaguely remember seeing this face .. i only chose this face because it looks familiar , but i feel i could be wrong .
very . smiling previously
somewhat . this face seems familiar but i 'm not 100 % certain
does n't look familiar . no recognition
very certain . i remember the shape of his face and facial hair
fairly . i remembered his particular facial hair and face shape .
kind of certain . i recognize his facial features
not certain . faces are n't familiar
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
fairly certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces for any specific reason .
in a little confident i saw this one . i recall a narrow face , so he seems familiar
fairly . i recall his hair
i am almost sure i saw him .. he is smiling a bit in his mugshot , that helps .
certain . no face HAPAX hair style is familiar
pretty certain . none look familiar .
not much . do n't remember
i am almost certain i saw his picture a few times .. i remember him wearing a blue shirt , maybe like plaid but with blue HAPAX .
not very . no familiar faces
i 'm not very sure . i do n't really know . no one is jumping out at me
not certain . i font recognize them .
partially ? . this individual looks somewhat familiar to someone i may have seen in the study .
not very . lighting may be different
certain . cheek bones .
kind of certain . i do n't specifically remember any of these faces .
pretty sure . he looks familiar
uncertain . he might look slightly familiar
not very certain . i 'm not confident i 've seen him , but he feels familiar
i believe i remember this person . the facial features are pretty distinct , and the haircut
somewhat certain . i do not recognize any of their faces
fairly . none of them look familiar .
i am not totally certain but i do n't remember these faces .. i looked over all the faces and they do not look familiar .
i am fairly certain i have seen this face .. i recognize the eyes of this person .
i 'm not very certain , but i do n't think i 've seen any of them before .. none of them look familiar to me , which is why i chose not present .
semi certain .. once again looks familiar
pretty sure . does n't look like anyone from earlier .
certain . nothing looks familiar in any of them .
fairly certain . same hair style , eyes .
this guy was in the lineup and mi fairly sure .. this guy was in the lineup of faces from looking at him
very certain . i am certain
about sure . i think i remember seeing this guy .
pretty certain . i think the smile is the same as yesterday
" completely . to DIS remember the faces , i gave them names . this one is " " HAPAX " " , i also remember his eyes . "
very certain . i recognize this person from yesterday
fairly certain .. this individual seems to be more familiar than any of the others .
pretty certain . . the eyes seem a bit more HAPAX to me in DIS if he was in a previously shown photo .
really unsure about this one . the clothes really throw me off
i am pretty certain . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
pretty . i font remember any of them .
very . he 's very familiar
looks familiar , but i 'm not very certain . . the person looks familiar , but also has a kind of generic face .
very certain . i remember his large eyes , and faro .
very certain . not there
a little certain . he seems like i may have seen him
i 'm just guessing on this one . this is hard with them all wearing the same shirt now .
certain . his face looks familiar . his eyes .
i believe i remember seeing this face .. i remember the tilt of the head and the hair , and i think this is the same person i saw .
pretty certain . i do n't remember seeing anyone in this lineup .
not sure . this individuals facial features look familiar
none of them look familiar . i do n't think i saw any of them before
fairly certain that there is not a man present in this selection .. i do not recognize any of these men from the images shown .
almost certain . i do not recognize any of these
almost positively certain . i remember the hair from yesterday
i am 80 % sure .. i believe it showed a picture of him with a different shirt color and expression .
positive . no one is present from lineup .
somewhat . i do n't think i recognize any of them
certain . no one is present from lineup .
very . eye color .
i remember his eyes , hair and mouth . i remembered thinking he was attractive yesterday
fairly certain . i recognize the hair , facial shape , facial hair , and complexion .
not at all certain . once again , the photo looks vaguely familiar . i feel like the facial expressions could be throwing me off , though .
i am about 80 % certain . i do n't remember seeing this face .
fairly certain . none of them looked familiar .
completely . i remembered the facial hair .
not very sure . . i can not fully remember if i saw any of those individuals .
i am certain .. i remember this person from the photos yesterday .
i am very certain . he looks familiar
i do n't recall seeing any of these photos earlier .. none of their features match what i remember from earlier .
almost completely certain . i remember that HAPAX part on the left eyebrow .
not very . none look familiar .
certain . i remember the right eyebrow had a HAPAX
not certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
fairly certain . do n't recognize anyone
not very . i do n't remember seeing any of their faces
i 'm pretty certain he was in the previous lineup . i see your dark red shirt is a common HAPAX , i do remember his face from the lineup
kind of . the eyes look HAPAX and familiar .
mostly certain . this guy stood out to me as good looking , but in different lighting he wore a DIS in the DIS type of expression
i feel pretty confident . i recognize the hair .
pretty certain . his eyes and mouth .
not sure . not sure
somewhat certain . i am DIS seeing him in the pictures before .
very . i 'm pretty sure i seen him
i am certain of my response because none of them look familiar . none of them look familiar , so that 's why i am certain
somewhat certain . i think i saw him
i am very uncertain . again , i only remember there being a few black men in the photos from yesterday , but i ca n't be sure i 'm as good at remembering black faces as i am at remembering white faces
not particularly certain . again , this individual looks familiar , but it is very hard to tell because they all look quite similar
not very . his eyebrows and ears look familiar .
pretty certain . i don't remember any of these guys
very certain . he was smiling in the other task but now he is straight DIS
i do n't think i saw any of these guys .. i looked HAPAX but can not tell .
pretty certain . the jawline looks familiar
very . i remember him
i think this is the correct answer .. the hair looks familiar , but the face seems wrong .
i definitely remember seeing this man .. this is another one of the people i gave a DIS .
sorta . looks familiar
i am absolutely certain . i do not recognize any of the faces .
i am certain none of these are from the previous day . no one stands out from the previous lineup
mi half certain . i may have seen him yesterday not DIS for sure
he looks familiar . i remember his face and hair cut
kind of certain . the hair .
certain . i 'm sure i saw him
HAPAX of these look like them . they are close but not any that i seen yesterday
i think there 's a slight chance i 've seen this person already .. i feel like i might n't seen him before , but i do n't know for sure .
50 % . none feel familiar to me .
certain . i dint recognize any of those faces
none of these men are familiar . . i do n't remember seeing any of these men .
fairly . do n't recognize anyone .
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
i am somewhat certain of my response . i do not recall seeing these faces during the observation period .
i recognized his facial hair and shape of his face . looked familiar to me because of his facial hair and face
not sure honestly . the middle top guy looks familiar , but maybe he 's just HAPAX at me .
almost certain . unsure
none look familiar . i do n't recognize anyone .
almost certain but not quite . his hairline looks familiar
pretty certain . no one looks familiar to me .
mi HAPAX because of his wide forehead . i remember DIS of his head
very certain . i do n't recognize any of those faces .
kind of certain .. the face looks familiar to me , but not exactly sure . he was definitely wearing a different shirt if if i 've seen him .
i have never seen any of these people . i 've never seen them .
pretty certain . do not remember seeing this face .
somewhat certain . no one looks familiar .
very certain . i remember the style of his hair and facial features
fairly certain . do n't recognize any of them
i recognize this guy . honestly am not sure if he looks like someone i 've seen before , or if i saw his picture yesterday in this study .
fairly certain . i remember the eyes
pretty certain . pretty sure i saw him
i am somewhat certain .. the hairstyle and shape of face look familiar to me .
very sure . i do n't recall any of these faces .
not certain . because i 'm not certain
certain . no face looks familiar
a bit certain . i think i remember the expression on this face
not certain .. i do n't recall any .
i am not very certain .. i do not know if i saw this person .
very . i do n't recognize any of these men .
not at all . none of these faces are ringing any bells , but i 'm afraid i just not recognize one that might be there .
maybe 30 % . nose and eyes seem familiar
not all all certain . i just do n't remember ...
i 'm kind of certain . i think i remember his face
i know i did n't see these faces .. none of these look familiar .
somewhat sure . i do n't think i recognize these people
very certain . i think i remember seeing him .
a little certain . his face looks familiar to me
halfway certain . he seems familiar in hair style and color , also face and chin shape
i am not totally sure but he resembles one of the faces . his head and ears are what i remember .
mi fairly sure . i remember the long face
i am not very certain .. the hair and the large eyes seem recognizable .
not very certain . the person i selected looks a bit familiar , but i 'm not sure he was in the lineup yesterday .
not so sure about this one , but i feel he is the one i seen . it is the nose and the eyebrows for me .
a little certain . shape of the ears
fairly certain . somewhat unsure
very . font remember
not very certain . i feel like it could be him or another one of them
not HAPAX all . do not recognize any
very certain that i do n't recognize anyone here . i do n't remember any of these distinctive faces
somewhat positive . eyes and hair
pretty sure . looks like an individual i saw yesterday
i am still not sure . i think i saw him before .
not at all sure .. i 'm not at all sure that i saw this face , i 'm just going with my first DIS here .
absolutely certain .. i remember seeing that exact face .
none of these faces look familiar from yesterday . i 'm about 40 percent sure . . i do n't recall seeing any of these photos .
not so much . there was a gentlemen who like similar but not sure if that is him
reasonably certain . i think i remember this one because i had a friend that somewhat looked like him
mostly .. nobody struck me as distinctive .
slightly certain . none of the faces look familiar
i am completely certain . the hair and the shape of the head along with the skin color .
fairly certain .. i just do n't remember them .
pretty certain . none of these guys look familiar at all
slightly . he looks somewhat familiar .
very . i do not recognize any of these faces .
pretty certain . none look familiar .
certain . i do not see any face that looks memorable to me
very certain . none of them look familiar
sort of certain . i font recognize anyone , but i am unsure
pretty certain . do n't recognize anyone .
not very certain .. i ca n't recall at this point whether these men were shown in this specific study or the one before .
none of the men look familiar to me . i have no recollection of any of these men .
pretty certain . none of them seem familiar .
certain . i feel like i remember this face from yesterday
pretty certain i never seen any of them . do n't remember seeing any of them
i 'm almost positive .. i do n't recall any of these faces and features
again , i 'm not certain . because i can not be sure that i did or did not see the face yesterday
very . no one looks familiar .
i have not seen any of these faces . i have no memory of these faces .
pretty certain . the mouth / jawline is the same as before .
very certain . i remember his facial expression .
almost completely . remember specifically seeing this individual .
kind of ? . he looks kind of familiar
certain . none look familiar .
medium . facial expression different .
pretty certain . again reminded me of someone .
just a little certain .. i remember the face with shorter hair .
the HAPAX and DIS pictures look vaguely familiar but i 'm not certain they were in the group . 4 of the 6 were definitely not in the study . the other 2 i 'm not sure of
somewhat . he reminds me of HAPAX DIS , and i saw someone in the prior lineup that struck that HAPAX
slightly . eye color .
somewhat certain . the eyes , nose and haircut look familiar .
i may seen this one before .. i am not certain if i have seen this one before , i think so .
very . no one was in the previous pictures .
i 'm fairly certain .. i do n't remember seeing any of theses faces yesterday , so i 'm fairly certain in correct .
pretty sure this photo was from yesterday . not positive , but leaning towards yes .. i recall this person from yesterday . i remember him because he looks young and i felt bad for him .
partially certain . this individual looks the most familiar and i believe i might have seen him in the activity
very . because i dint see this face
sorta . the hair looks familiar
not certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
pretty sure . i do not remember any of these faces from yesterday
none of these faces are in my mind .. although i felt the bottom middle individual looked familiar i HAPAX none of these were viewed yesterday .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am fairly certain in my response . if i remember correctly , the selection had a noticeable haircut
a lot . unfamiliar
i am slightly certain .. i think i saw him .
not certain . i think i remember seeing him
pretty certain . looks very familiar
pretty sure i think . i just remember the face on this one . it seemed plain but i just remember this expression .
do n't recognize any of these . no HAPAX characteristics
pretty sure . do n't look familiar
i font remember any of these faces . because i font remember any of them
i do n't recall seeing any of these . faces do n't look familiar
decently certain . . i do n't see anyone that immediately makes me recognize one of the previously shown faces .
these guys do n't look familiar . . no one looks familiar
about 50/50 . the facial features seem familiar
a little certain .. i do n't think i remember any of those faces .
fairly certain . looks familiar
not very . he seems familiar but i 'm not sure .
kind of certain . i font remember these faces
uncertain . one looks slightly familiar , but his facial expression is different
i do n't recognize anyone in this photo . . none of them look familiar .
pretty sure . nobody here was there .
i do n't recognize any one . i font recognize anyone here
mostly certain . i remember the square nose .
slightly . i feel like i recognize the eyes and lips .
a little . not sure i saw any of them .
fairly certain . his hair and eyes look familiar to me
moderate . i did n't recognize anyone
this person looks pretty familiar . the jaw and complexion of this person rings a bell
i am 100 % certain as i remember his hair .. he had an faro and mustache which is very remember able .
i am somewhat certain .. i do n't remember any of the men in the photos .
i seem to remember him . he looks familiar
only slightly .. i recall the white guys all looked dumb as HAPAX and i think this brow matches that
i do n't recognize any one . i do n't recognize any one
i do n't recognize any of these faces .. top left looks kind of familiar but i 'm not sure .
0 percent . some of the men looked similar to others i had seen but not completely
looks somewhat familiar .. his face looks somewhat familiar .
somewhat certain again . this face looks familiar to me , but can not specifically remember
i 'm mostly certain i remember seeing this person .. i remember his facial hair , and his lighter skin tone , and his facial features .
fairly certain . do n't remember anyone
very uncertain . more difficult each page
very certain . face position , eyes , and hair
i am fairly certain i have n't seen any of these men in the earlier photo set .. none of their feature match what i remember .
a little unsure . i think i saw this one yesterday but the memory is too DIS to be certain .
only a little bit . not sure if i actually recognize him .
almost positive . no one i recognize
pretty certain . no features look familiar
i 'm pretty certain that none of these men were in the study . none of them look familiar at all
positive . font recall seeing any of these people
fairly . his face sort of looks familiar
kind of certain . he looks familiar .
i font recognize any of the faces . i could n't recall any of these people being familiar
pretty certain . cheekbones
not completely . i think i remember his ears
i 'm a little certain . i do n't recognized any of the faces .
very certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
very . no recognizable faces .
fairly certain . none of these faces jump out at me as having seen them before .
almost certain . i do not recognize any of the faces
i 'm only somewhat certain . only somewhat certain i 've seen the face .
some . seem familiar
100 % certain . i remember this guy and his hair clearly
fairly certain . i font recognize anyone in this lineup .
pretty certain . i remember his hair and face
not positive . none of the faces stand out as one i remember from yesterday
not features are familiar . none of these men have high enough cheek bones to be any of the men i saw .
i am a little more than half way certain . no faces look familiar
100 % . i remembered him as douche white guy
pretty certain . none of these faces look familiar .
pretty certain . none of these faces are familiar .
pretty certain . i remember his HAPAX neck HAPAX
i saw him in the photos yesterday . i am fairly sure that 's the same guy i am thinking of
mi pretty sure of his facial features . the HAPAX on his cheek is familiar
very . his face looked crooked
not at all certain . i 'm really terrible at this . they are all just faces to me .
certain .. none of them look familiar .
somewhat . familiar
50/50 , i could be right i could be wrong . but this dude stands out to me .. he stands out to me more than the other guys do , but after looking at all the photos they all seem HAPAX familiar and unfamiliar to me .
i know i saw him before . he is someone i saw before previously
kinda certain . the beard and nose are making me believe he is it .
kind of . looks familiar .
unsure . i can barely remember the faces from yesterday
not certain . i font remember any of these men
i do not believe i saw any of those faces yesterday ! . none of the mend faces look familiar so i think i 'm pretty sure i HAPAX correct .
not very certain . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
i do not recognize anyone . . none of the faces triggered memory from yesterday .
mostly . i recognize his eyes .
fairly certain . i remember his lips and eyes .
similar . maybe
i do n't remember seeing any of these people yesterday .. none of these men were in the photos yesterday .
pretty certain . this person looks familiar .
i 'm not that sure , but i really do n't recall seeing any of these faces before . none of the face DIS or haircuts seem familiar to me .
sort of . . i did n't immediately recognize any of the faces .
fairly certain . it looks like a different angle but i think i remember seeing this guy
somewhat . remember the haircut
very sure .. i remember this face . he was wearing a tank top in the photos .
a little certain . looked familiar
looks a little familiar .. it 's his face again . it looks somewhat familiar to me .
not very certain . i feel i may have seen him before
not certain . because i 'm not certain
one looks somewhat familiar . facial hair and hair color
i do n't recognize any of them . i do n't see anyone i saw
i remember seeing the man that i chose above , in the lineup yesterday .. his facial structure and the way his eyes are a little more set apart HAPAX me that he was in the lineup at some point yesterday .
100 % . i remember he looked like kenya west
certain . hair , thin , clothing .
i would say fairly certain . . i remember thinking this guy was pretty good looking and was thinking he looks like the HAPAX boy .
not sure at all .. the face i chose seems vaguely familiar to me , but i 'm really not sure .
i am very certain . i know i have seen this face before , the hair style and face rings a bell in my HAPAX memory
i do n't recall any of these men so i would be pretty certain that it 's true .. i do n't recall off the top of my head any of these men so i 'm pretty certain .
not sure . i font recall any of them
about . i do n't recognize any of them for the most part .
very certain . i definitely remember this guy .
pretty sure .. his slightly HAPAX notes and lighter cheeks stood out to me yesterday and today .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys . as HAPAX above .
certain . i remember his facial hair
very certain . he has a unique facial structure that makes him easy to identify
pretty sure . non look familiar .
not very certain . his face stood out to me but i do n't specifically remember it
i am pretty sure i remember this guy . i think it 's his hair and his lips that i remember .
i 'm fifty fifty on this one . i am pretty sure i saw this one
not certain . the face stands out to me , but it 's likely that i 'm wrong .
pretty certain . hair and face look familiar .
almost sure . his eyes are HAPAX funny , his right eye is HAPAX .
not . none
i am completely certain .. i know this was a face i saw previously .
fairly certain . he looks very familiar
very . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
seems right . unsure
somewhat certain . i remember this man looking a bit HAPAX
certain . do n't remember any of them .
not sure . the hair looks familiar
i am certain in my response .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
maybe like fifty percent certain . . i remember a face with hair and facial hair like this .
pretty sure . i remember the hair .
somewhat certain . none of these people look familiar but i do n't remember a lot of the people i saw last night
very . did not see him
somewhat certain . i think i remember this person 's features from before .
certain . have seen him with another shirt on
not very certain . his eyebrows look vaguely familiar
fairly sure . none of them look familiar
i am almost certain . these faces do not seem familiar .
pretty certain . in the lineup he looked HAPAX out of his mind , it makes HAPAX that he has the same DIS in the DIS look
i 'm fairly certain that i 've not seen these images before .. i do not recall any of the hairstyles shown from the previous images .
not completely , but close ? . i remember a guy that reminded me of my brother , and this one looks like him . but i 'm not completely sure .
not very certain . i do n't think i 've seen any of them
low certainty .. i think i remember a black man with a similar hair cut and expression from earlier .
fairly certain . none of these men were present .
somewhat certain .. i do n't specifically remember the one i chose . but i feel confident he is the one .
100 % . i remember his face but he was wearing a different shirt
not very certain . something about the nose looks familiar
pretty certain . none of the faces look familiar
somewhat uncertain . i may have seen him before , but i do n't know
i do n't see any familiar guy . do n't see the guy
a little . . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
certain . he was in the lineup
not very . the lighting might be to HAPAX , but his face looks familiar .
these faces do n't look familiar . . i do n't recall seeing any of these faces .
a little certain . a couple people looked like they might be familiar , but not enough for me to think i have definitely see one or the other of them
i am certain i do not remember these men . none of these men look familiar .
not certain . none of the faces are remember able
very certain . i remember this guy because he looks like HAPAX HAPAX .
i 'm not quite sure .. i 'm not confident .
a little . none of these faces stand out to me
certain . reminded me of HAPAX
not certain . it 's just too many faces now in my head
very confident . i recognize this face from yesterday
not very certain . font recognize anyone but ca nt be certain
i am not certain , but i can not say for sure that i have seen one of these faces . i do not recognize these faces .
pretty certain . do n't remember seeing anyone in these pics
not completely sure .. i ca n't be completely sure , but i do n't recall any of these faces .
pretty sure . i font remember any of these faces
60 % . i seem to remember his face
not very certain at all . i do n't think any of the faces are familiar
i honestly am not certain at all . they all look the same
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing any of them
i 'm 80 percent certain .. none of these look familiar .
very certain . i do not see anyone familiar .
pretty sure . i do n't remember any of the faces above .
i am more on the side of uncertain . . i feel like this may have been a face i seen yesterday however i am really uncertain . the faces are starting to all blend together for me .
not certain . i do n't remember these
this one looks vaguely familiar but mi unsure . pretty unsure about this one
i am somewhat certain i have seen the above . his eyebrows and forehead jog my memory .
do not recognize anyone . do not recognize anyone
i 'm DIS my gut instinct . i think i may have seen him but not sure
pretty sure . did not see any face i remember , but not certain
very certain . the way he is HAPAX the camera
maybe . none
confident . nothing stands out that i recognize with any of the subjects except bottom left somewhat familiar .
somewhat . no one looked familiar
i remember seeing this face . i remember the long neck and facial hair
looks familiar . not sure but looked familiar
very certain . do n't remember any of these faces
i did not see any of these people .. i do n't see any similarities with these faces and the faces previously .
almost completely certain . i think i remember this persons hair cut
i am about 50 % certain . he looks more familiar than the rest .
certain . this is one of the faces i recognize he is just not smiling in this photo .
i think i may have seen this image before .. this image looks somewhat familiar to me .
not sure . font remember any faces .
somewhat . do n't recognize anyone .
i am confident with my response . . i remember the ears and facial hair .
not certain at all .. i saw several that i thought appeared yesterday .
somewhat . the guy might have been smiling earlier , somewhat HAPAX my HAPAX .
somewhat sure .. i believe i saw this person before .
not very certain . i believe this face to look familiar .
kind of certain . i do not remember the gentleman in the above pictures .
somewhat . this one took me a little longer , and this one seems familiar
entirely certain . i do not recognize any of the men at all .
somewhat . HAPAX under the eyes and DIS lips
uncertain . font recall these people from photos
very certain .. i think the angle and expression are familiar to me . his face rings a bell more strongly than any other so far in this DIS .
it was the same face . it was the same face
i do n't know . i 'm really bad at this . no one looks familiar .
kinda certain . HAPAX face and wide DIS of nose , plus the low cut hair .
i am 50 % sure . i am looking at facial structure , eyes , hair , jaw HAPAX .
fully certain . this picture looks very much like the one i saw earlier . same angle , chin , expression , hair , and eyes .
i 'm slightly certain of the person i chose was in the previous lineup . i have a vague recollection of the person being in the lineup .
i 'm fairly certain i did n't see any of these faces yesterday . none of them stand out to me
very certain . i can remember his haircut
i am mostly sure . HAPAX the bottom right jaw line looks familiar .
not at all . i vaguely remember seeing this one .
HAPAX , i font know . moderately sure ? . i would be terrible at HAPAX a HAPAX lineup . there all so similar
fairly sure . looks familiar
somewhat sure . i think i saw that guy before .
i am pretty sure i saw him before . the facial structure .
certain . his eyes and face shape were what gave it away .
certain . looks familiar
not very certain . he looks familiar .
not . i do n't remember them .
somewhat confident . i think i saw him before , but not sure
i 'm pretty sure i saw him yesterday . i remember the goatee
" very certain . the face i selected i mentally DIS earlier as " " the HAPAX " " . his features were HAPAX distinct . "
partially but not completely certain .. his eyes and stare .
not sure . again , i keep second guessing myself because i do n't recognize anyone
very certain . i have not seen any of these faces .
i am pretty sure i saw this guy earlier . i think i saw him .
not very . i think i remember this guy
i 'm fairly certain .. i remember seeing this person , although DIS was wearing a smile in the previous pictures .
somewhat . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces
fairly certain . none of the others looked familiar , but the selected did
pretty certain . same hair eyes and half DIS mouth as before .
i feel fairly confident . none of these faces look familiar .
somewhat . face
somewhat certain . i seem to remember someone that looked similar to this photo
positive . DIS jaw .
pretty certain . his facial hair .
in not . they font look familiar .
i am fairly certain . this person looks familiar because of the facial hair .
very certain . recognize the facial hair , the eyes , and the mouth and the nose .
almost positive he was in a picture earlier . he looks like one of my old friends .
fairly certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these men 's faces
not so sure . in not DIS anyone
i feel confident i have seen him . . i am sure i have looked at his picture before .
not sure . i do n't recall seeing any of these .
pretty darn unsure . nobody has facial hair and that was HAPAX my go to
not very . i ca n't be sure i recognize his features
fairly certain . no faces are familiar to me .
HAPAX % . DIS kenya west
i am somewhat sure . his eyes HAPAX different DIS i remember someone having eyes like that
not recognizing anyone . not recognizing anyone pretty sure none of these from yesterday
fairly . no one seems familiar .
i am fairly certain .. i am fairly certain because i do not remember seeing any of those people .
i am not terribly certain . he looks vaguely familiar .
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
kind of certain . none of the faces are familiar really
pretty certain . i do n't recognize the facial hair .
somewhat . i recognize the face structure
a little certain . i do not recall any of these faces from yesterday
not sure . i do n't remember any of them
90 sure . remember eyes and lips
i am sort of certain . his eyes seem familiar .
i am not certain .. it is the most like the one i saw yesterday .
somewhat . i do n't remember any of these .
i do not believe i recognize anyone shown . none of the faces are familiar to me .
i am fairly certain . none look familiar
fairly certain . i remember his hairline .
somewhat certain . hair and eye look familiar
not certain . not sure if i saw any of these faces
fairly certain . dint recognize anyone .
somewhat certain . i do n't remember these faces
most certain .. the guys ' DIS heads do n't ring a bell with me .
sort of . i ca nt remember
not sure at all . i remember hair HAPAX
totally certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
somewhat . this guy looks a HAPAX familiar
very certain . i clearly remember this mans image .
40 . hair looks familiar
100 percent certain . definitely saw him
not very . he seems to be familiar .
all the pictures are of different people .. every person pictured looks different .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces
i 'm fairly certain . the man has very distinctive eyes and distinctive mouth .
i 'm pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am pretty sure i recognize him . his eyes strike me as someone i 've seen before
pretty certain . hair and skin tone
i do n't recognize anyone . they just do n't look familiar to me
pretty sure . none of them look familiar
similar . maybe
fairly certain .. none of them look familiar .
i 'm fairly certain i did not see any of these men in a previous lineup .. i 'm pretty certain that i did n't see these men in the previous lineup yesterday even though some look kind of familiar .
kinda certain . he looks a little familiar
do n't recognize . no one looks familiar .
a little . looks a little familiar
pretty certain . i think i remember .
i think pretty certain . i remember his face i think
i 'm not very certain but i think i recall his hair . . he looks vaguely familiar .
not at all . they all look like generic white people
not certain .. i ca n't remember any of these men .
not certain . he looks familiar
slight . too similar
none look familiar . i do n't recognize any of these .
fairly certain . i remember this man 's haircut
i am pretty certain . no one looks familiar at all .
some . no familiar faces
fairly certain . i do not recognize any of the faces in these photos .
completely certain . the shape of their heads are slightly HAPAX shaped but more HAPAX than a HAPAX head shape . i would have remembered this .
pretty certain . i remember his picture from before - i recognize the haircut .
not to sure . nothing familiar
not sure . looks a little familiar
completely certain . i remember his face
not certain . i ca n't remember any of these people
i almost sure .. looks like a friend i know that 's why i remember
slight . font look familiar
almost certain . none of these men look familiar to me .
slight accurate . i feel like his face was one HAPAX seen
fairly certain . i do believe i saw this face yesterday .
absolutely positive . i clearly and HAPAX remember this gentleman 's face
50/50 . i could have seen him
slightly certain . his eyes seem familiar
fairly . do n't recognize any of the faces
not very certain . some of the faces looked familiar but i am not at all certain
i remember seeing this guy , i 'm about 75 percent confident . . i remember his eyes , so went straight to the photo .
very certain . i do not recall any of those faces
i am not certain on this one . i just feel he looks familiar .. i have a feeling i 've seen him before .
pretty sure .. i am fairly sure i remember seeing that photo , but with the shirt a different color , yesterday .
i am somewhat certain . because yesterday i remember saying that one of the guys looked like kenya west , and this does too
fairly certain . this face looks familiar as if i saw it earlier
semi . i think he was the one with the gold chain and no smile
slightly . face looks slightly familiar
somewhat certain . hair style .
completely certain . i know i saw the person before
i am not very certain . he looks familiar to me
very certain . i remember his hair and facial hair .
no certainty . i do n't remember anyone hair with what is pictured .
i believe that is the person but not absolutely certain . all the people were smiling and in HAPAX clothes in the first pictures so its hard to tell
i am fairly sure i recognize this person . his nose is similar to someone i saw before .
i 'm fairly certain .. none of the men in the photos look familiar .
pretty sure . again none of them look familiar
i believe i have never seen any of these people . i do n't remember any of their faces .
somewhat . his hair
fairly certain . this male looks familiar so i believe i saw his face yesterday
i 'm pretty certain about my response . . i do n't feel like i 've seen any of these people .
mostly certain . i do n't recognize any of the above faces from the faces before .
pretty certain . the head shape and face are familiar
i 'm about 50 % sure . this looks like a guy i saw before only he was smiling then
fairly certain . i 'm not positive that i saw this man , but he looks familiar .
i 'm not very certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
uncertain . one looks familiar but i am unsure
i 'm not very certain . i know it 's not at least 3 of the guys , but the one that i chose looks a little more familiar than the rest .
i am fairly certain . none of the men pictured look familiar .
very . facial hair and eye brows
none of them look familiar . i do n't recognize any of them .
one of the guys looks familiar but i ca n't say for certain it 's him . the hair on the guy that looks familiar is not a haircut i remember seeing .
100 % . he 's very familiar
fairly certain . hair cut looks familiar along with head shape .
i do n't recognize anyone . . none of the faces match the ones from the first line ups
not very . no one seems familiar
somewhat certain . do not recognize any faces in the lineup
i am completely not certain on this one . . all of these individuals look so similar i can not pick any one out from memory
completely certain . his blue eyes and his HAPAX hair .
none of them look familiar . none look familiar
i feel very confident . none of the faces can be DIS .
about halfway . looks familiar , not certain , though
fairly . no one is familiar .
not at all . i ca n't remember
i definitely remember him .. i remember this guy because i think he looks like kenya west .
i am certain i have not seen these men . no faces DIS up in my head .
pretty certain .. because i 'm almost certain that none of the men here were previously present .
i 'm 80 % sure i did not see any of these men .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
a little certain . i think i 'm getting a little bit confused because some of these people i have seen in other lineups
less than fairly certain . nobody looks familiar
maybe . i might saw that person
not sure .. i feel like i 've seen him before but i ca n't recall where . perhaps i find him more HAPAX HAPAX than the others .
mostly certain . i did not recognize any of the faces .
i 'm not completely certain but feel this man was present but with different hair . i believe i have seen him in the previous photos
fairly certain . his face and hair HAPAX
not sure . no one looks familiar .
i am certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
pretty certain . he has the same nose and eyes as before .
i do not believe i saw these yesterday . . none of them look familiar to me .
fairly certain . his head shape looks the same as someone from before .
the shirt does n't look familiar .. i do n't remember the shirt .
not very certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
certain . none of these men look familiar
not very . nobody looks familiar .
i am relatively certain . the tilt of his face looks familiar to me
pretty sure . lack of recognition on the above faces .
pretty certain . none of these faces look familiar .
not very certain . the man looks familiar but i am not sure i saw him before .
not very certain . i feel like i 've seen this face before
pretty sure . font recognize these folks .
pretty certain . his lips .
not sure but i think i saw this one . his long neck
very . everyone looks unfamiliar
not very certain .. he looks kind of familiar .
not present . i font see a face i remember
i font recognize anyone . none of these gentlemen look familiar .
not much at all . seems familiar
somewhat certain .. i remember the shape of his face , but uncertain if it is exactly him .
extremely certain . i remember his facial expression and DIS
somewhat certain . none of the faces seemed familiar in DIS of shape , facial hair , etc .
i am very certain i saw this person yesterday .. i remember seeing this guy yesterday , but he had a smile .
somewhat certain . i think i remember the HAPAX shape of his head / DIS
not confident . i do n't remember the faces very well .
75 % sure . looks familiar
very little . i am not sure at all if i saw any of these men
not very certain .. none of these people stand out in my memory , but i 'm not sure .
i am halfway sure this is the guy pictured before . his facial structure looks similar .
pretty sure . none of these are familiar .
i am confident in this one . i remember thinking this one was too young
fairly certain . his hair looked familiar .
certain . he s not there
i do n't think i 'm very certain . i do n't recognize for sure any of these men
fairly certain . his face structure i recognize from yesterday
pretty sure . do n't recognize any .
somewhat certain . do n't recall seeing this face but its possible
not sure .. nobody stands out to me .
sort of certain . the eyes and chin look somewhat familiar .
partially certain . i have been seeing so many of these questions , i am having a hard time at this point recognizing any of the faces DIS .
slightly . none of these faces look familiar .
somewhat . i do n't remember a lot of people and they are all starting to blur together
certain .. do n't remember any of them .
i am not very certain . i do not recognize any of the photos
very sure . none look familiar at all
i am slightly certain i saw this person yesterday . . it is the haircut that looks similar to what i saw yesterday .
very certain .. same guy i saw .
i feel as though i have seen this person before . that facial expression looks familiar to me .. i just feel that i 've seen that person make that exact expression before yesterday . it looks familiar .
i think i remember this guy . he looked familiar
kind of .. his bone structure .
pretty certain . i did not recognize any faces .
very certain . he had a very similar expression in previous photos .
somewhat . the shape of his eyes is familiar .
i am pretty certain they are not above . . i do not remember seeing them .
certain . do n't remember any of these faces
i do not recall viewing these faces before .. i chose not present to DIS the fact that i have not seen these faces prior .
very certain . i remember seeing him , especially by the hair and facial hair .
almost certain . i do not recognize any of the faces from before
my choice is uncertain . . as the line up HAPAX i feel i am DIS more and more uncertain of my choice . i have seen the faces as a choice in previous line ups and this is DIS to DIS .
HAPAX no in the lineup yesterday . no traits that i HAPAX
mi pretty positive i haven seen them before . i could recognize any
very certain . none of these faces were shown to me .
i am not sure . i kind of seen him in the line up
pretty certain . i think i remember him
its possible this person may have been on the previous slides , but i 'm not very sure . . the individual looks vaguely familiar .
it was the same face . it was the same face
kind of certain . he looks familiar , but i can not know for sure
somewhat certain .. this individual looks somewhat familiar to me from the activity .
fairly certain .. i remember his hair .
somewhat . do n't recognize anyone
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of those faces
not real certain . none of them really stand out
i am somewhat certain .. i do not know if i saw this person in the lineup .
not very certain at all . i 'm not sure that any of these faces look familiar
i am HAPAX i 've previously seen this face .. i only seem to somewhat recall his face .
quite certain . none are recognized .
very certain . none of the faces are familiar at all .
i am iffy on this one . it looks the most familiar out of all of the other pictures
i remember this face . he looks like kenya west
i am fairly certain . none of these people seem familiar .
i am not completely certain . none of the men in the lineup make me recall any of the faces i saw .
very certain . off center eyes .
kind of certain . his face looks very familiar
i font think ice seen these faces . fairly confident
almost certain . same nose
i do not remember these faces or any features .. these faces are not familiar to me .
a little certain . this face looks familiar , though the expression is different so i ca n't tell for sure .
i 'm slightly certain . his face stood out to me . it seemed familiar
not at all . was n't sure enough on anyone in particular
i am somewhat certain i recognize this person . i think this person looks similar based on facial structure and hair .
not sure . 2 faces look familiar .
fairly certain . none look familiar .
i do n't remember these faces . they do n't look familiar .
not really certain . no one 's face jumped out as being familiar .
not very certain . the two middle look kind of familiar but i am not sure at all .. they all look the same , but mostly unfamiliar .
a little certain . i do n't remember any of them
maybe certain . i feel like you have changed the hairstyles that go with each face
do n't recognize . DIS - a
somewhat certain . i seem to remember someone with the lips and hair that my selection has .
reasonably certain . the faces above are unfamiliar , but i 'm uncertain about the one in the upper right HAPAX . the angle of his head may have DIS me off .
somewhat certain . facial expression , hair style . shape of face .
very certain . i 'm very confident i 've seen him
fairly certain . this gentleman looks very familiar and similar to the previous pictures i viewed , his facial structure and eyes stand out
certain . recall the face
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
i am somewhat certain .. he looks familiar to me but i 'm not sure .
again i do not remember the people above .. because my memory did not recollect the pictures .
certain . nobody looks familiar .
fairly sure . his features
somewhat . do n't remember any bald men
none . do not recognize
i am very certain . i do not recognize them
certain . i do n't remember anyone with weird shaped heads
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
very sure . i recall seeing this face several times .
i am fairly certain .. i do not recall these faces .
this one feels like a maybe . nose and eye / eyebrows look familiar
fairly certain . none of the people above feel familiar
not very . i font real seeing this person
pretty sure . it 's the goatee
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
certain . none of the faces are familiar
almost . the smug look .
fairly certain . i do n't really remember seeing any of these .
fairly certain . he looks familiar
i do n't know why these faces do n't look like yesterdays ! . not looking like yesterdays .
i am mildly certain .. i do n't believe i saw any of these men yesterday .
somewhat . nose and lips
not totally certain . you ca n't always trust your memory .
i am fairly certain . i do not recognize any of the men above
very certain . all of these faces do not look familiar to me
very certain . faro
i could never forget that face . that face stood out above the others
uncertain . do not recognize any of them .
somewhat certain .. his facial structure is familiar to me and it stands out . but can not be 100 % sure .
no one looks familiar . i do n't think i saw any of these
very certain . no one is familiar at all .
not certain . very difficult to tell
little certain . the ears and eyes
kind of . i recall a HAPAX hair , blue DIS guy .
certain . not here
not certain . just do n't recall these faces
not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .. not very certain , yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point .
i 'm 80 percent certain .. he looks very familiar like he most likely was in the first task .
this guy looks familiar too . . i think it 's the goatee .
mi fairly certain of my response . i do n't recognize any face above
this is hard ! not certain at all .. i do n't recall seeing any of them , but i 'm not sure
completely certain . he had a tank top on in the original pictures and a very happy expression , the jawline here is the same as is the eyes and the hair .
very certain . none are familiar
i 'm pretty sure i 've seen him before . i remember seeing the haircut previously .
pretty certain . do n't recall seeing any of them
i think i saw him . his head tilt and nose looked familiar
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of these people
i font recall any . i font recall any of the HAPAX
somewhat certain . he looks familiar - i think it 's the eyebrows .
looks familiar . looks like someone i saw
pretty certain . the face looks somewhat familiar especially with the hair
totally sure . i remember thinking that this guy looks like a HAPAX HAPAX , and his face is HAPAX into my HAPAX ( features , jaw , etc . ) .
not certain at all .. i ca n't remember any of these guys .
positive . i remember this person was the only one with an faro so he stood out .
i think i recall him . my memory
certain . do n't recognize them
very certain . i just really feel like i saw that face
very . none of these men look remotely familiar .
pretty sure . do n't recall
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces in the lineup .
certain . none look familiar
i am somewhat certain .. he looks quite similar to someone i saw .
somewhat . not familiar
fairly certain . i remember his expression
do n't remember any of these faces . nothing recognizable
some familiarity . HAPAX face look
none look familiar . i do not recognize anyone
somewhat certain . no one looks familiar
i am kind of certain . this person looks familiar , his blonde hair does at least
somewhat certain . i do n't think i remember any of these faces .
sort of certain . the facial features do not look familiar .
moderately certain . his face immediately jumped out to me
i feel that none of these faces are there .. i do not recall any of these in the lineup .
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize eyes or hair
fairly sure . don recognize anyone
a little certain . font remember any of these people
kind of . do not recognize any of the faces ... close to what i think i remember seeing though .
100 % sure .. never saw any of these faces .
not sure . looks somewhat familiar but i am not certain .
somewhat . the face looks kind of familiar .
only fairly certain . i do n't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
pretty certain . none familiar
i am about 50 % certain that none of them were in the line up .. none of them look familiar to me .
somewhat certain . the person on the top left seems very familiar but i recall a different style of hair .
i feel somewhat certain . his face sticks out as somewhat memorable .
a little . he looks like someone in the pictures earlier
i do not recognize them . i do not remember seeing them
i 'm a little certain . he seems familiar .
certain .. none of the guys look familiar .
pretty certain . i am not completely but i am pretty certain
somewhat certain . it looked familiar .
i am somewhat certain he is not here . i do not recognize anyone
not sure . do n't remember
i am fairly certain . none of the faces seem like they were in the pictures before .
somewhat certain . seems familiar
i saw his face in the task yesterday . . i distinctly remember him .
i 'm fairly certain . it looks like someone from the previous photos .
somewhat certain . i think i remember this guy from his long neck .
very certain . i remember he looked like a friend of mine .
not very certain . mi having a hard time remembering faces at this point
kinda sure . the eyes are similar to what i have seen
not very . this guy looks a little familiar
certain . these men were not in the beginning .
maybe certain . his smirk looks familiar
not entirely certain . no features or people stick out to me
pretty certain .. his hair and face shape are familiar .
nothing in this image looks familiar so i do n't think it 's any of them . the position of their heads or the facial expressions do n't seem to stand out
very certain . i remember the facial structure . i looked at the facial structure and remembered it
fairly . i ca n't remember seeing them .
pretty certain . he is familiar
i am fairly confident . . none of the above features or facial expression seem familiar to me .
very certain .. i remember this man very well .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize anyone in these photos
somewhat . i think i 've seen him before .
i think that i may have seen this guy before .. i think i remember him but i am not certain about my choice .
uncertain . seems familiar
not very . they all look familiar and unfamiliar at the same time . very generic faces .
i am about 50 % certain .. none of them look familiar but it has been a day since i saw the faces .
absolutely . side burns , overall facial features and eye color .
not at all certain . a couple of these faces look familiar to me and i ca n't pick just one so i have to say not present .
uncertain . i do n't remember any of these men
do n't recall any of these . do n't recall any of these
kind of sure .. his eyes .
completely certain . i do n't recognize any of the features in this set of examples .
pretty sure . i do n't recall seeing any of those faces .
i am positive i have seen this face before . i recognize his eyes and mouth from earlier .
somewhat . very bright lighting
i 'm 90 % certain that i saw this guy in the HAPAX of pictures .. they eyes , skin tone , and head shape match with one of the men i saw in the initial slide show .
i 'm not sure at all .. i do n't think i saw any of these faces , but i am not at all certain about it .
not very certain . may have seen this face before ...
in certain due to the pictures provided . the person has a lighter complexion and different face compared to the other pictures provided .
somewhat sure . i do n't recognize any of them .
quite certain . i remember thinking he reminded me of someone .
fairly confident . nothing mentally HAPAX
somewhat certain .. i recognize his face a little bit .
do n't recall . not familiar
halfway certain . i think i remember seeing him , it 's hard to point out a specific since there is not much unique about him .
fairly sure . remember an individual with a similar haircut and eyebrows
i 'm fairly certain . one of the guys looks maybe like i saw him before , but not likely .. hard to tell since no one is smiling . also , the hair may be different . but again , i do n't think anyone is from before .
somewhat certain . none of the faces seemed familiar in DIS of face shape .
somewhat certain . none of the above individuals have characteristics that remind me of anyone .
i font remember any of them . font remember them
certain . i remember this face and expression
definitely . recognized immediately .
somewhat certain . do not recognize any faces in the lineup
very . i recognize him and his hair cut and face .
a little bit . i 'm not fully certain
ca nt remember his face . font know
some what certain . i do n't recall seeing these faces
slightly confident , but not sure . . might remember , not sure though .
i do n't remember seeing any of them . none of them look familiar
some of these people look similar , but i do n't believe i saw any of them . . i think two of them look similar , but i do n't think i saw either of them .
they all look new . the facial features look different than the others
extremely . i know i saw him
certain . never seen these pictures .
somewhat uncertain . he was HAPAX in the lineup
fairly certain . remembered the eyes and hair .
slightly certain . his facial hair seemed familiar
barely . the facial hair looks familiar
i 'm slightly certain .. this man 's face looks distinctive and familiar , but i ca n't place where i 've seen it .
i 'm almost certain i seen him previously . his one eyebrow DIS rings a bell to me
i am pretty certain . i do not remember the shirt that the person has on
not very . i ca n't say for sure that i remember
unsure . maybe
i do n't remember any of them .. i do n't remember seeing their faces .
font recognize . hard to tell
familiar face but not certain . familiar face but not certain
a little certain . i ca n't pinpoint any facial features i distinctly remember .
not very certain . two of the faces look familiar but i am not sure
i am completely certain that i 've seen this guy before . i remember the goatee and the shape of his jaw .
i feel slightly certain in the lineup person .. i 'm slightly certain and not certain at all of my choice of the person in question
not certain . i font remember
certain . close set eyes and DIS eyebrows reminded of someone i knew in school
mostly certain . none of the facial features feel familiar
i am almost certain that i saw this man prior . i remember his facial structure specifically .
very uncertain . one face looked very familiar to me ( i nearly chose him ) , but i could n't remember for sure .
in not certain i saw any of them . i do n't recall seeing any of them
none of these faces look familiar . if someone was actually present , i think the expression is throwing me off .
not sure . they all look alike
this is so hard ! not very sure . i ca n't for sure say any of the faces are ones i 've seen
i do n't recognize any of these people , so i am not certain about any of them .. none of the features of these men are familiar .
unsure . nothing about these people seems familiar
very certain . i remember him .
fairly sure . i recognize him .
possibly . looks familiar to me
not certain at all . mi taking a guess but i do n't remember this person
i do n't recognize any of these photos from yesterday . these faces look unfamiliar
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
very . his HAPAX hair .
i am certain . i do not recognize any of their faces .
absolutely . none of the individuals look familiar .
moderately certain . none of the faces looked familiar
sort of .. i did n't immediately recognize any of the faces .
no one looks familiar . i do n't remember any of these men
not very sure .. none of the faces look very familiar but i 'm unsure .
fairly . this man 's expression is unique
only about 10 percent sure . they all look the same . just a feeling .
i do n't remember these faces i am certain they are not familiar . . these faces look somewhat familiar but i do n't recall .
not exactly sure . they have a lot of the same features so mi unsure
i feel like i remember someone with this haircut .. i ca n't be sure this was the guy .
fairly certain . looks familiar
semi confident in this one .. the eyebrows are unique .
i am pretty sure . i am examining the photo and looking at eye structure , hair , jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday .
very certain . i recognize his hair , and the HAPAX in his DIS bone .
pretty sure . i think i remember seeing him
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of these people .
kind of certain . i feel like a similar looking man was in the pictures yesterday
pretty sure . i remember the wide nose and the haircut .
not certain . none look HAPAX HAPAX them all in the same shirt makes this very difficult
not a whole lot of confidence . this guy kind of looks familiar but i do n't know
i am certain that he was one HAPAX yesterday . i distinctly remember him
very certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
pretty certain . i thought everyone i remembered was smiling more
certain . remembered how his neck looked
i am somewhat certain . i did not recognize any of these faces .
not certain . there is a face that looks familiar , but i 'm not sure .
not really certain . think i remember his eyes .
very uncertain . HAPAX from lopsided hair up there , all these dude look very generic so how would i remember them ?
absolutely . this is the first time i am seeing any pictures .
sort of certain . i once again do not recognize anyone .
half . i remember the eyes
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any of these people
very certain . i remember the expression .
not at all . i even think the bottom left and right are the same dude
somewhat certain . similar skin color , and facial hair .
just kinda certain . looks familiar , but not sure if it was from the pictures .
mostly .. nobody looks familiar .
very certain . i see no features that i remember from before
100 percent . he looks very similar to his picture
certain . mouth .
i think that there is no one present from yesterday . the second guy in the last row looks familiar but i am not at all certain .
DIS it down to two . remembered confident expression
do n't remember them . i do n't recognize any of these guys
i am very certain he was present . his face reminded me of kenya west
i am close to completely certain . he has a very HAPAX face , and a strong jaw that i remember .
certain . the face is similar
i am certain . i do n't recall seeing these men .
0 % . DIS at this point they are all DIS together and i can only remember one specific guy .
very certain . i am very sure that i have seen this man .
pretty certain . the guy had light eyes and great eyebrows
mostly certain . looks familiar .
not very sure . facial hair and his nose .
i am pretty certain .. none of these faces looked at all familiar to me .
i 'm positive . i remember thinking he resembles kenya west
some . i think his hair looks familiar
not very confident . none look that familiar , the one selected looks slightly familiar .
50/50 . chin
somewhat certain . . i do n't feel any familiarity with any of these faces .
this face is somewhat familiar .. this face feels slightly familiar . two of the faces felt familiar in this DIS .
not certain . he seems slightly familiar
pretty sure . think he was smiling in the DIS picture
pretty certain . remember hairline .
i am a little certain in my response . i can not remember if i saw any of them yesterday
not completely certain . the hair cut looks somewhat familiar .
not sure . no one stands out to me
i am very certain . no one in this lineup seems remotely familiar to me .
not sure . no one really looked familiar .
pretty certain . i remember how small his face and head was .
somewhat . none of the pictures look familiar to me
very unsure . i ca nt remember any of them
not really . no one looks familiar .
somewhat certain .. the guy looks familiar .
none look familiar . unsure
somewhat certain . the beard and hair look familiar .
almost certain . he looks very familiar
DIS . i just feel like i saw him before
50/50 . i kind of remember a HAPAX head
not very certain . he looks familiar
looks right . looks familiar
somewhat . he looks sort of familiar , i vaguely remember the hair and features
i am somewhat certain in my response . he looks familiar to me from yesterdays DIS
i feel confident in my response . i believe i saw him yesterday
fairly positive . they all look pretty distinct so i should remember if i saw one of them .
a little . this person looks familiar
somewhat . this individual has a very similar face and haircut to one that i remember
i am not certain at all .. two of these faces look somewhat familiar .
i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys . . i do n't think i 've seen any of these guys .
i feel pretty certain of my response . . this guy 's face and hair look familiar .
do n't see anyone familiar . nothing stands out to me
almost positive , but not 100 % . looks familiar .
fairly . none of the faces look very familiar
i am not 100 % sure .. the facial expressions are throwing me off a bit , but i do n't believe i saw any of these people .
quite certain . i am pretty sure i saw this guy yesterday , the hairstyle and facial shape seem familiar
pretty certain . font see any
pretty certain . looking down nose
remember this face just in a different colored shirt .. i DIS it down between 3 different faces that look slightly familiar so through DIS of DIS .
a little . i remember his face shape , but all of these faces look too similar
very certain . i remember the shape of his face and the goatee
very certain . DIS of face and hair cut
not entirely sure . i think i remember his hair
fairly certain i 've seen him before . i 'm pretty certain i 've seen him before , i just do n't remember the shirt
not all that sure . i remember the eyes but not sure
i 'm not certain i saw any of them . i do n't recall seeing any of them
not very sure . the face seems sort of familiar , but i am not sure .
fairly certain . i think i remember this gentleman
positive . i did n't saw them in face survey yesterday
kind of unsure .. none of them DIS up to what i saw in the past .
not . not
not . not
i am only a little certain . something about this face sticks out to me , i do n't think it was shown as often as others
not certain at all . ca n't recognize any of them
not certain . i vaguely feel like i saw someone before with his eye , nose , and mouth combination . it looked similar enough that i would bet him out of any of them listed .
fairly certain . eyes stick out to me
not sure . i seem to recollect the expression
pretty certain . hairline looks familiar
i am guessing again . i do not recall which of these guys were in the pictures
not very certain .. i think i remember him , but i 'm not sure .
kind of . do not recognize anyone
vaguely remember . looks like someone i saw
50 % . i think a couple of them look vaguely familiar
i am very certain . i font remember any of the details
i am very certain . i remember thinking he looked HAPAX
somewhat . i 'm not sure i saw that face yesterday but it looks familiar .
very . none of those faces are familiar to me .
somewhat . that face looks familiar to me .
pretty confident . none of the facial features HAPAX any memories to mind
very certain . i recall his face
pretty certain . the mustache looks familiar
kinda certain . looks sorta familiar
yes . i remember seeing him
i do n't recognize anyone , but i 'm not sure if someone is there that i 've seen or not .. i chose not present because i just do n't recognize anyone even if i 've seen them before .
mostly certain .. none of the faces above are familiar to me .
certain . i do n't recognize anyone .
a little uncertain . i 'm not sure if i 've seen that person .
HAPAX 25 % certain . . he looks HAPAX back and HAPAX , which stood out to me .
certain . none of those people were present
fairly certain . none look familiar . i can remember specific people i saw and none of these are like any of them i remember
i am pretty certain in my response because none looked familiar . my eyes were not DIS to any and all of them felt like DIS
fairly certain . no one looks familiar
100 % . remember the hair , goatee / facial features
somewhat certain . he looks somewhat familiar - i think he was wearing something else though
kind of certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
maybe . none
i feel confident .. he is recognizable to me specifically his eyes .
pretty certain . i think i saw this guy yesterday because i remember thinking i liked his hair
moderately . i remember him vaguely
uncertain . this face looks familiar but i 'm not sure .
a bit . seems familiar .
not very . i do n't remember any of these faces
not too sure . i feel like an angle or light might be throwing me off here
pretty sure . i do n't recall seeing any of those faces .
do not remember these guys .. went into the DIS HAPAX on a non - HAPAX HAPAX and was not given specific reason to HAPAX attention .
uncertain . noon looked familiar
uncertain . looked slightly familiar
pretty sure . his facial expression looked similar
pretty sure . do n't recall
certain . i saw him
not very certain at all . he looks kind of familiar , i may have seen him
none seem certain to me . none seem certain
fairly certain . none look familiar at all
absolutely positive . i remember his appearance
i am 60 % certain . he reminds me of a person that i thought looked familiar .
i am about 50 % certain that none of them were in the line up .. none of them look familiar but it has been a day since i saw them .
i am fairly certain . his facial expression seems familiar and i think i recognize the shape of his eyebrows
very . font recognize
little . his face , DIS
somewhat . i do n't remember these faces
i am very certain . i remember thinking he looks similar somewhat to kenya west in the other picture .
i am not certain . he looks familiar but i ca n't quite remember . i based it off of the smile in the other study .
not at all certain . i 've now seen so many faces , that it 's hard to HAPAX which are from the original HAPAX
not very certain . i font recognize any of the faces
80 . memory
unsure . do n't recognize anyone
mostly sure . do n't see anyone i recognize
unsure . facial hair might be familiar
unsure . do n't recognize any faces
i 've fairly certain .. none of the faces look familiar
80 . no faces look familiar
very certain . look in his eyes , way he DIS his mouth and haircut .
pretty certain . looks like a face i saw during the HAPAX
50/50 if i recognize him from this study .. he may have been included in the photos shown , but i ca n't be certain .
not very certain . he looks like one of the men with a bad HAPAX but i can not tell because i can not see his teeth
uncertain . he looks familiar but he also looks like a friend of mine so i may not recognize him from the initial lineup .
very certain .. this face seems very familiar .
i am fairly certain .. i believe i did see this face but it 's not as memorable as some others .
pretty certain i saw this face .. this face seems to ring a bell .
somewhat certain . i believe i saw him before , not completely sure but somewhat
not certain . no idea , i think i saw him , but i would n't bet on it .
not at all certain . no idea , this would be like a HAPAX HAPAX for me .
not certain . the HAPAX nostrils .
not sure . the faces do n't look familiar .
possibly right .. the nose is familiar .
fairly certain . i do n't remember the haircut .
unsure . the look on his face .
i 'm not 100 % certain that none of these men were in the lineup , but i ca n't HAPAX remember any of the faces . . some have features similar to faces i saw , but i ca n't pinpoint even one that i could say was possibly in the lineup . there are a couple that i think maybe were , but i 'm not sure .
very unsure ... i was about to click not present but i kept going back to his picture for some reason . . the eyes and close hair cut are what HAPAX me to HAPAX on the picture .
about 40 % certainty , so not certain at all , but this is the only one that seems familiar . . it 's all in the eyes . DIS , not much is familiar but i know i saw those eyes before .
about 40 % , as he looks very familiar , but there is something different enough that i feel i could be wrong . . the particular combination of the shape of his mouth and HAPAX and shape of the eyes .
a little . a couple look familiar but i feel like it is because i just saw them HAPAX , rather than last night ?
a little . not sure , none look familiar
somewhat . i think he looks familiar from yesterday but am not sure
a little . i only recognized the hair
i 'm 100 % certain i 've seen this face before . i specifically remember seeing this face
certain . none seem familiar
unsure . i remember some with goofy expressions , but ca n't pinpoint for sure
i 'm unsure . some seem familiar , but i 'm not sure
somewhat certain . seems vaguely similar
i do not remember these HAPAX faces .. because i am fairly certain in my HAPAX .
i am pretty sure i saw this guy before .. because i think i remember seeing his eye color prior .
unsure . not certain i saw any of these men .
HAPAX . some look familiar , but not sure enough to decide on DIS so HAPAX to not present .
certain . don remember seeing the faces .
very certain .. i remember his picture clearly .
not really sure . i do not think that i remember any of these faces
fairly sure . i am fairly sure i remember this exact face .
not very certain at all . i think it may be him , but very unsure on it
not very sure . i think i remember him but it is possible i am mistaken
i am pretty sure of my answer .. i believe there was only one man with a small faro and non of these men look like him .
not to certain . no DIS features
not certain . i do n't remember any of these pictures
not very . i do n't remember any of these pictures
i 'm about 80 % confident . the shape of the head is distinct and i 'm pretty sure i saw it before
i 'm about 80 % confident . the eyes , jawline , and face are recognizable
i 'm about 75 % certain . the person looks a little HAPAX and i think i recall his face because of that
not certain . one or two look familiar but mi not sure
not very certain . his eyes look familiar
very certain . i remember his hair
mi kind of certain . he looks very familiar
not super certain on this one .. none of them look familiar to me .
pretty certain . nothing about these people rings a bell .
not certain . i just do n't remember any of those faces either way
not certain . the hair and weird head shape look familiar
i am fairly sure . the person looks like one i saw
not certain . the weird eyes look familiar
i 'm not , some of the men look familiar . they all look like generic white guys i ca n't remember seeing them before
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
somewhat .. i believe i saw this person before .
somewhat . i believe i saw this person before .
i saw this guy . i saw him in the other picture
i font remember any of these . i font remember them
it might be a guy i saw . he looks kind of like one in the lineup
i can really tell . they could have been in the lineup
not too certain . i think one may be , but in not sure
i 'm pretty certain i 've seen this before . . i am pretty sure i know this one !
i am pretty certain . . he looks very familiar .
his face looks familiar but i do n't know . . his face shape looks familiar i remember a face with a chin like his .
i am fairly confident . . i do not remember any of those facial expression or facial features on the slides from yesterday .
i am fairly confident . . none of the pictures look familiar to me .
i am fairly confident . . i remember this individuals lips and mouth because they were different from others in the slide from yesterday .
i am confident with my response . . i remembered this persons ears and nose .
fairly certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
very certain . i remember the faro , facial hair and structure . i think he had a tank top on when i saw him .
none of these look familiar . i do not see any familiar details
fairly certain . the hair and eyes look familiar
i do not recall any of these faces . there was nothing about any that triggered a memory
maybe . maybe he was in the line up
not certain . i think this guy may have been in the line up
fairly . i do n't recall them
a little bit . i think i recognize the details of the first face
somewhat . recognize face structure and hair
pretty certain . i do n't think i have seen any of these people before the face structure is unfamiliar
mostly certain . i recognize the face structure and eyebrows
pretty uncertain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i 'm only somewhat certain i saw the face yesterday .. i believe i saw that face yesterday but i have very low confidence .
very certain . i remember the face from yesterday .
i may have seen one of them , but nobody sticks out . i could n't DIS pick a single person .
i do n't remember any of these faces . i would recall seeing these guys . none of them are familiar
i do not remember these faces . none of the face structures strike a resemblance .
not very certain . i do not remember these faces .
i am not so sure .. i think i remember his HAPAX neck , but not his facial expression .
i am pretty certain none of these men were shown .. i do not recognize any of these men .
none of these men look familiar .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i am only about half certain this man was in the images shown .. he looks very familiar , but i ca n't be 100 % certain he was in the images provided .
i am positive this man was present before .. he was the first face i saw from the images . his eyes , lips , and hair are distinct .
not very . looks somewhat familiar
fairly certain . none look familiar
fairly certain . none look familiar
not very certain . he looks somewhat familiar
pretty sure . i remember someone having a pointy head .
not too sure . they all have the same shirt .
not at all . none of the faces look familiar .
somewhat certain . do n't recognize any
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize them
60 . i think i remember him
50 . i think i might remember him
95 . none familiar
90 . non - familiar
almost certain . i recognize the face and facial hair
mostly sure . the face shape and features look familiar
moderate . sorta familiar
kinda . too similar
kinda . seems right
font remember any . unsure
not too certain . they look familiar
looks familiar . they look like one of the people
pretty certain . its how certain i am
very . same as before
i am fairly certain i saw him yesterday in photo . i remember thinking HAPAX looked like kenya west
i am 50 % sure . i am examining the photo and looking at eye structure , hair , jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday .
i am 100 percent certain in my selection . i remember this person from the pictures yesterday .
i am confident i saw this person yesterday . i am examining the photo and looking at eye structure , hair , jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday .
very . i swear i saw this kid twice yesterday
extremely . i remember the hair and eye brows
extremely . i remember the haircut
not very certain . nobody looks familiar
fairly . nobody looks familiar
fairly . he looked familiar
i 'm kinda certain .. i do n't recognized any of the faces .
certain . none look familiar
" not very certain " " maybe " " . this face stood out but i 'm not sure why "
i do n't think i 've seen any of those men .. i do n't recall any of the features these men have in the previous pictures i saw .
i am certain i saw this man in the earlier photo set .. his facial features match a man i saw previously .
i think i saw the man i selected in the earlier photos .. he looks similar to a photo i saw earlier .
i do n't think i saw any of these photos earlier .. none of their features match what i remember from earlier .
i do n't recognize any of the pictures from earlier .. i ca n't match any features from these photos to the earlier photos .
fairly certain . i believe he was in the lineup yesterday but not 100 % positive
fairly . this face seems to HAPAX my attention but uncertain if he was in the lineup
i am uncertain if any of these faces were shown . i am not seeing a face that stands out to me
i feel DIS in HAPAX that i saw this face before . i feel i remember the eyes from before
not very . no one looks familiar
semi . no one looks familiar
not very . no one looks familiar
not certain at all . i think i remember seeing his face , there was a DIS HAPAX of recognition in my mind
100 % positive . remember seeing his face and fro yesterday
i am 40 % certain .. i think i remember seeing the face .
i 'm about 40 % sure . . i think i remember the face .
none of these faces look familiar . none of these faces are familiar to me
100 % sure . i remember him from yesterday 's pictures . his hair is very distinct .
somewhat certain . his DIS forehead looks familiar .
kind of certain . seems familiar
a little . none look familiar
fairly . no one looks familiar
fairly sure . i remember a photo with the head cocked to the side like this one
i am fairly sure . i recall seeing the shirt and the hair cut yesterday
65 percent sure . i remember the shirt and hair color and i feel like that was the most HAPAX photo
i am somewhat sure that i do n't recognize these . i notice i am HAPAX on the side of HAPAX here , but i do n't think i recognize anybody
i am only a bit certain . i do n't recognize most of these people . it looks like i DIS one of the people looking if he were not smiling so big
80 . none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
80 . none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
very certain . i remember giving each one a DIS and i believe he was one
100 . he had on a chain
80 . none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
not at all certain . i do n't know if i 've seen anyone in this lineup
i think so . i think his face look familiar
he was on the first pictures . i think i remember his face
a little bit . i have n't seen these faces
not totally sure . i think i remember this face
a little bit . i think maybe i remember that face
i am not certain , because i think he was smiling in the other picture . i can not be certain it is the same person i saw .
i know i saw this guy .. he looks like someone i know .
i think i saw him . he looks a little like one i saw .. i think this may be the one i saw earlier .
20 % . i do n't think i 've seen this one in the lineups yet
14 % . dude i only remember like 2 faces .
40 % . i 'd remember that douche facial hair DIS
they all look the same . white DIS all of HAPAX
14 % . you know
i 'm not sure . . i ca n't remember .
a little . no one really looks all that familiar ?
not very certain . he looks kind of familiar
i think ? . kinda look familiar but in really not sure
fairly certain . kinda HAPAX that face
this face maybe looks familiar . this face kinda looks familiar but in very unsure
kinda certain . i kinda remember the face
i am absolutely sure that i am right . he looks like a DIS kenya west
again not really certain but i think he was there yesterday . flat nose , DIS lips
i 'm not certain about this one . i think i recall his light facial hair
i do n't think any of these were there yesterday . i do n't recognize any
somewhat . the ears and facial structure are standing out .
pretty certain . none of these people are even vaguely familiar
quite certain . i really do n't recall any of these
very certain . not there
very certain . not there
i am half certain of this choice . this face does not seem familiar from previous HAPAX
i am over half certain . these faces do not seem familiar
i am a HAPAX percent certain of the choice i made . a couple of faces seemed familiar , but i am not sure if they were truly present .
pretty sure . the pointy head i think is familiar
not certain . they all looks alike .
i have not seen any of these before . i have never seen these photos
i do n't think i have seen any of them before .. i am pretty sure that i have never seen them before .
never seen them before . have not seen these photos
i have seen his picture before . i have seen him before
looks familiar . not entirely sure
not sure . not sure
not sure . not sure
a little . he looks familiar but i think he was smiling before
i feel that i might have seen him but i am not completely sure . if i did see him before i believe he was HAPAX and smiling . now he looks DIS .
unsure . at this point it 's hard for me to place who might n't shown up .
very . i do n't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos .
very . i do n't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos .
i 'm a little sure . . i remember sideburns on a guy but i do n't know .
" i 'm not . i 'm now just second guessing everything i 'm HAPAX . . this test is confusing me DIS . i thought i knew and now i do n't . i do n't think it 's possible that this many in a row could be " " not present . " " "
all of these men have distinctive faces . i do n't remember them .. i do not remember any of these men . i am a little sure .
almost positive .. i do n't recall seeing his face
not very . lips and nose
not very . looks familiar to one of the faces
fairly . none of them look similar enough to someone i can recall seeing
some what certain . he looks somewhat familiar
somewhat . none looked familiar
very certain . i do not remember their faces
certain . i recognize his hair and his eyes .
somewhat . his face seems familiar
not very . i do n't remember seeing any of these guys
not very certain . i do n't remember any of their faces
certain . i know that i saw this man yesterday
mostly certain . i 'm almost positive i saw this man yesterday
i do n't recall any of these faces . none of them look familiar
maybe certain . looks slightly familiar
not certain . font recognize any of them
pretty certain . some of them might look slightly familiar
pretty certain . he reminds me of someone i know , and i remember his facial hair and eyes
i 'm not very certain . the guy i chose looks familiar
i 'm not certain . i do n't think i can be sure that he is one that i 've seen before
i 'm slightly certain . he looks like one of the guys i viewed HAPAX
not very certain . i do n't recognize any of these men
relatively certain . his face and hairstyle look familiar
not at all . none look familiar
not very certain . he look vaguely familiar but is hard to distinguish from the others
not sure . do n't remember
not sure . do n't remember
not sure . do n't remember
very certain i saw him yesterday . i remember his facial expression
not sure . ca n't be sure at all
slightly . possibly someone i saw yesterday
middle of the road . i recall this guy but he was smiling so not quite sure
half certain . font recognize anyone but can not be certain
not certain .. actually , the top left and bottom right pictures both looked kind of familiar , but i could n't pick both , so i DIS i was wrong . they have eyes that seem familiar , though .
i 'm very unsure .. i do n't think i 've seen any of these faces , but none are very memorable .
i do n't think i saw any of them . none of them seem familiar
very sure on this one . i remember seeing him
i am not sure on this one . he looks familiar but i am not too sure
moderately certain . facial hair , hair , and brows seem familiar
i am not very certain .. the first person looks familiar , but he also looks like a lot of people that HAPAX
very certain . i remember his eyebrows and somewhat close set eyes .
not sure at all . i ca nt remember any of these individuals
mostly . i do n't like this DIS
somewhat . do not recognize any of the men above
somewhat . there was a guy with an DIS head
i 'm pretty certain . i just do n't see the guy .
totally . i remember
not certain . no one looks familiar
i remember this guy from before .. i think i remember him because i thought he looked like my HAPAX 's HAPAX .
i know that i definitely saw the guy pictured above .. i remember the guy by his eyebrows .
a little bit . none of them seem familiar
i am 40 percent certain .. this one looks familiar but i 'm not sure .
very certain . none of them seem familiar at all .
a little . i remember the shape of the head with the hair color and lip size
half certain .. if he 's not the same guy , then his hair , mouth and facial shape are .
i 'm not very positive .. i do n't recognize these men , but i do n't remember . i guess DIS the DIS has really made it difficult .
i 'm not very certain .. he looks kind of familiar , but i do n't know for sure .
i do n't recognize these men .. i do n't recall seeing any of them yesterday .
very uncertain ... i slightly remember the man i chose . however it might be none of them .
i font recall these guys . none of them ring any bells
i am fairly certain .. i remember seeing this person .
i am fairly certain .. i do n't remember any of them .
pretty certain . the hair and face are familiar
pretty certain . the hair style looks familiar
certain . no face or hairstyle is familiar
very certain . no face looks familiar especially hair
" looks familiar , but i ca n't be 100 % certain . not sure if it is him or " " not present " " , i am fairly certain i have n't seen the other faces . "
fairly certain . none of the faces look familiar
average certainty . none of the faces look familiar but i ca n't be certain
somewhat . no familiar faces
some . no familiar faces
somewhat . do n't see any familiar faces
some . no familiar faces
somewhat . no familiar faces
his light skin made me think i remember him . he looked different than the other HAPAX
certain . i do n't see a face i recognize
not certain . i saw a lot of faces
somewhat . i do n't remember any of them
somewhat . i do n't remember any of them
uncertain . these faces do not look familiar
somewhat . he looks familiar
somewhat . he looks like someone vie seen , his longer neck stood out .
somewhat . i remember the eyes
kinda certain . i think i remember seeing his eyes
very certain . i remember seeing his very HAPAX look
a little certain . i do not think i saw this man , everyone before seemed to be smiling more
very certain . his haircut
certain . his face looks similar to one that was smiling
kind of certain . unsure
very . i thought he looked a little like kenya west
very . i remember the hair
80 percent sure i have not looked at these photos before .. i do n't recall seeing any of these photos yesterday .
i 'm certain these photos were not included yesterday .. i did not see any of these young men .
not very certain .. for some reason the person 's left ear seems familiar how it points a bit on the end .
none of the faces seem familiar .. i do n't seem to recall anyone there .
i am fairly certain .. i feel all those faces are fairly distinguishable . i do n't recognize any of them .
i am almost 100 % sure that i saw this man in the initial slide show .. there 's no DIS this guys eyes and head shape . i have seen him before . the nose and ears are dead DIS .
i am pretty sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't think i have seen them .
i feel fairly sure i have n't seen the faces .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
i am pretty sure i have not seen these faces .. none of them seemed familiar .
i am pretty sure i have n't seen these faces .. i do n't recognize them .
no clue . i DIS to pick a few , but ca n't narrow to just one ? i have DIS no idea
not too sure .. some faces look kind of familiar but i 'm not positive .
i 'm kind of sure but i have my DIS .. he looks familiar , i think i saw him but i 'm not positive .
i 'm really not very sure .. he looked kind of familiar but i think it might be a HAPAX DIS .
somewhat . don recognize
kind of certain . looks somewhat familiar
very certain . his nose
pretty sure . his face
a little certain . font recall any of these faces
fairly certain . don remember this face from yesterday
somewhat certain . i do n't recognize any of these people at all
not certain . i do n't remember
not sure . font know
sure . eyes
not sure . hair
little . font know
his face looks familiar . his facial features
some . noon looks familiar
certain . i feel like its certain
i font remember any of these people . i just font remember
not very certain . they all look like someone vie seen before but i font remember which one
he seems familiar . he kinda seems familiar
i thought this guy looked familiar .. he looks a little like HAPAX HAPAX HAPAX
i kind of thought this guy looked familiar .. he looked like HAPAX DIS
their faces are starting to all look alike .. they look the same .
quite . no familiar faces
very . no one looks familiar
pretty . they do n't look familiar but all these HAPAX HAPAX maroon shirts are throwing me off
certain . recognize face
possibly sure . not confident
a little . i see no resemblance
somewhat . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
somewhat . i remember that stare .
certain . he reminded me of kaye west
they do not look familiar . i do not recognize them
extremely certain . he has a specific look in the picture
not really certain . no one looks familiar
somewhat certain . eyes look similar
somewhat certain . hair looks familiar
i font recognize any . because i do n't see anyone i know
not very . do n't remember them , but possible
fairly certain . i do n't recognize anyone
looks familiar . mouth expression
not so sure . my first HAPAX was not present , but maybe this guy
not so sure . he jumps out at me a little HAPAX this is hard !
not so sure . don recall seeing these guys
unsure . he looks a little familiar
somewhat . he looks sorta familiar
not certain . because i 'm not certain
very . i remember the structure of his face and his expression from earlier .
somewhat certain . i do n't recall any of these .
not very . his nose seems familiar
sort of . i remember the shape of the nose i think
very . i do n't recognize any of these faces
very certain . i remember his face
not very . i remember a white guy having HAPAX large HAPAX
i am almost positive i saw this man before .. i distinctly remember his face , square chin , and facial hair .
i do n't remember any of these faces .. none of them look familiar .
i am fairly certain , but not positive . i remember this expression but i 'm not sure if this is the right person .
again i 'm about half certain about this lineup . none of these look familiar
not sure . none of them look familiar
i am somewhat certain .. i think i saw his face .
i am fairly certain .. i do n't recall any of those faces , but am unsure .
not very certain . i do n't really remember any of those faces , but at the same time some seem a little familiar
the man sort of looks like someone i saw before , but i am not sure . the mouth and eyes look familiar
i believe i saw this person before , but i am not certain . the haircut and the eyes look familiar
100 % i remember this guy . his shirt is different , he was wearing a tank top last time
somewhat certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
not certain at all . all the faces are HAPAX in
fairly certain . i know i saw a guy who looked like this in the line up
semi - certain . i feel like i would remember these DIS of facial structures , but it is probably because i ca n't see the clothes or expressions they were wearing before
certain . i saw this guy earlier in the DIS of the faces
pretty sure . do not look familiar
pretty certain . i do not remember any of these faces
i am slightly certain . i remember thinking one of the photos in the study looked slightly like kenya west
i am very uncertain . i do not recognize any of the faces
i am quite uncertain . the face seems very mildly familiar
i am very uncertain . i do not recognize any of the photos or faces
i know i saw this man in yesterdays line up .. his face looked familiar to me yesterday when i saw it .
certain . again , i do not see any facial features i recognize seeing earlier
not very certain .. his narrow face stand out somewhat .
none look familiar enough to me .. none of their faces really stand out to me .
definitely certain . i remember him
i think i remember seeing this man . . he looks very familiar , but i think his expression has changed .
i have definitely not seen any of these men . . i do not remember any of these faces .
i am pretty sure i remember seeing this man . . he looks familiar .
i definitely remember seeing this man . . i gave names to the people who stood out in my head and this guy was one of those .
uncertain . i do n't recall
uncertain . he looks familiar
i am not very certain .. i remember a different person .
i am certain .. i did not see this person .
i am somewhat certain .. i think i remember this person .
i am not certain whether or not any of these people were presented to me .. i do not recognize the eyes or any specific features of these people .
i am certain that i saw this person yesterday .. i remember the shape of his head .
i am almost certain that he was one of the people that i saw .. i recognize the eyes and hairstyle of this person .
certain .. this is one that i named HAPAX HAPAX
somewhat sure .. none of them trigger any memory or look familiar .
i am pretty certain . i think i would remember if i saw these faces
i am pretty sure . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces
pretty certain . they do n't look familiar
fairly certain . they do n't look familiar
not certain at all . the eyes look familiar but that is all
very certain . face appearance
certain . the hair
very certain . same guy i saw the last time .
very certain . i am certain
very . i am certain i saw this face HAPAX times .
i do n't believe that i saw these faces in the lineup . there is a familiar face but i did not see him in a lineup
pretty sure . i am pretty sure i do n't recognize anyone
not very . there are two HAPAX but maybe they just have that sort of face
i am almost positive .. i do n't think this guy was in yesterdays line up of pictures .
i am pretty sure .. the person looks like someone i saw yesterday , the the smile , rather lack of , looks a little different .
i am certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of these guys .
kind of middle of the road . i think i remember someone looking HAPAX into the camera like the person HAPAX face i selected
almost certain .. i remember him
a little sure i did n't see any of them .. none of the faces look familiar .
i am sure i saw him .. i remember seeing his face .
only somewhat sure .. none of the faces look familiar .
a little sure .. i might remember him .
not very certain .. i do n't know if i remember him from the original line up or from the questions .
unsure . faces do not feel familiar but the last ones ears stick out
almost certain . face and faro seem familiar
not certain at all . can not remember if i have seen one of their faces . nothing sticks out to me .
pretty certain . remember his DIS features
i do not recognize any . . i do not remember seeing any of them .
i am pretty certain . . my memory is good .
i am pretty certain . . i remember him from yesterday
i am pretty certain i saw him . i remember him from yesterday
i am pretty certain he was in yesterdays pictures . . i believe i remember him .
not sure . again , i keep second guessing myself because i do n't recognize anyone
very certain this guy was in the lineup . his hair or something is different but his eyes are the same
i think he is one but i 'm not sure . his eyes reminded me of another person in the pics and so does this guy
100 % . this gentlemen stuck out to me because he looked HAPAX or DIS in his photo . he kind of has the same look on his face .
i dint see anyone that was familiar . in pretty confident i dint see any of these people
do n't recognize . none of them look familiar
40 % . told to
50 % . i was told to
fairly certain . . this person looks like a certain celebrity to me .
a little bit . . i think i may have seen this person , their expression is somewhat HAPAX .
i am not positive . i do n't recognize anyone but they may have a different shirt which i had used to identify photos before
very certain . none of the people i had HAPAX were smiling or HAPAX .
very certain . the head shapes seem HAPAX on these men and i do n't recognize anyone
i am very certain . i recall this man 's hairline when i was looking at the lineups
very certain . i remember seeing him and trying to HAPAX out how old he is
mostly sure . i ca n't remember any of these faces
very certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
almost certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
very certain . i do not recognize any of these men .
i do n't believe these men could be one that i saw yesterday .. i do n't remember seeing any of these men .
i am certain . i do not recall these men in yesterday 's photos .
in not . i font recognize anyone
i very certain i remember seeing this man in the first line up . . i remember his face .
i remember this guys face . he was looking pretty DIS in the first line up . . his expression is somewhat similar to the lineup photo .
his face is the only one that looks familiar . his hair .
semi certain . i remember him because i thought this looked like a mugshot photo
HAPAX certain . none look familiar to me
he looks slightly familiar .. he looks like one from yesterday .
i 'm pretty sure .. he has a distinct face .
pretty sure this guy is one of them .. he looks like one from the pictures .
not certain .. i do n't recall any of the faces .
not certain . i do n't recognize anyone
somewhat certain . they seem familiar
not certain . i do n't recognize anyone
not certain . none of these stand out
somewhat certain . none look DIS
not certain . i remember people with these characteristics , but none of them look familiar
moderately certain . none of these stand out
25 percent . none of the features looked familiar
certain . do n't recall any characteristics
very certain . none of the faces look familiar
very certain i 've seen his face . the eyes are very familiar
fairly certain . no one looks familiar
not too certain . no features ring a bell
i 'm 40 % certain . i remember him looking mean
very unsure . i do n't think there were black people , and these all have facial hair which i do n't think any had
not at all certain . i font ' think there were black guys in my lineup yesterday
very unsure . i do n't think i saw any black people in the line up
mostly certain . i remember the right eyebrow having a HAPAX through it
not at all certain . they 're starting to look the same , and i really have no memory of any of them
50 . jawline looks right
90 . none of them look familiar
really certain . these are all unfamiliar faces
slightly certain . none of these faces seem that similar
kind of certain . his face , eyes , and hair
very certain . i do n't recognize anyone
i think i have seen him . looks familiar
almost certain . recognize cause he looks familiar
they do not look failure . i did not recognize them
he looks familiar . his face looks line one i seen yesterday
he looks like one from yesterday . he looks like a face i seen
they do not look like any i seen . i do not recognize any of them
not very confident here .. i 'm going with facial hair again , but i do n't think i remember the expression so i 'm HAPAX .
i believe this person was in the line up but he has a different hair style .. the look is different so i 'm not entirely sure but i believe this is one of the males in the line up
i 'm pretty sure this guy was in the line up .. i remember the guys hair and it is similar to the original line up
somewhat certain . none of these faces look familiar to me
somewhat certain . i think i remember his hair from yesterday
i 'm 100 percent certain .. i do n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
i am 100 percent certain .. i do n't recognize anyone in this lineup .
not that certain .. i ca n't remember if the guys are there .
certain .. none of the guys look familiar .
somewhat .. never saw the guys .
i am somewhat certain .. the haircut makes me think its him .
somewhat certain . none of these faces look familiar to me
moderately certain . i 'm pretty sure i recognize this man , he was smiling big
not certain . the mustache and mouth look familiar to me
not certain . the one i selected looks vaguely familiar
i have seen his face . . he looks familiar and i am sure i have seen him .
he looks familiar . i feel like i have looked at his face .
he seems familiar . . i am somewhat sure he was in the line up yesterday .
somewhat . eyes
maybe . maybe
somewhat . do n't see
maybe . eyes
pretty . do n't see
pretty certain . do not think i have seen these faces HAPAX
somewhat certain . do not remember seeing this face .
very . he was in a tank top
not sure . confusing
pretty certain . font recognize
maybe i do n't know . i think he was smiling yesterday but the face looks familiar
100 % certain i saw this guy in a HAPAX shirt . his eyes i remember his eyes
not very certain . this gentleman looks similar to one of the individuals in the previous pictures
not very certain . this gentleman looks like one in the HAPAX pictures , it is difficult to tell because there is a different HAPAX on the shirt that he has on in this picture though
not 100 % . there is one that looks a little like a previous picture , but i ca n't be confident enough to choose him
somewhat certain . i remember someone that looked very similar to this person in DIS previous pictures
not sure at all . i do not recognize any of these faces
i am not certain at all but i do n't recognize any of these faces . i do not recognize these faces
i 'm about 60 % sure .. i do n't think i saw any of these faces yesterday , but i 'm far from certain about it .
i am fairly certain .. i am pretty sure i did n't see any of these faces yesterday .
pretty certain . no one looks familiar
not certain . one of the faces might have been there , but i ca n't recall for sure
fairly certain . i think i have seen this picture before
not too sure . two look vaguely familiar , but not sure if i saw them today or yesterday
not very . i am not sure if this is the person i saw or not
not very . i am not certain if i saw this person earlier or not
not very . i font remember seeing that person
somewhat sure . i font remember any of those faces specifically
i do not recall seeing these men . i do not recall seeing these men
i do not recall HAPAX men . i do not recall these men
mi pretty sure i saw this one persons face previously . i think he was in the previous line up
i do n't recognize anyone . no one looks familiar
50 % . mi unsure
50 % . these guys look really similar
100 % . he looks like a kid i went to school with
i do not recall any of these .. i would recognize most of these men .
no faces here ring a bell .. they just do n't look familiar , maybe the bottom right ?
i remember his thick eye brows . it was something i remember on his face
ca nt remember . ca nt remember
font know . font know
kind of . i am not sure if i saw anyone
kind of . i am not sure if i saw him or not
sort of . i think i saw him
not very . because i am not sure
pretty certain . i am pretty sure i did not see any of these people
i think i may have seen him . his eyes seem familiar to me
he looks vaguely familiar . his head has a unique shape so in fairly sure ice seen him
i HAPAX chose him . he seems familiar
looks familiar . his facial features are distinct
not at all certain . his facial hair might be familiar
fairly certain . font recall face
fairly certain . resembles HAPAX HAPAX
not very certain . font recall face
i am positively certain . they seem unfamiliar yet again
i am slightly certain . because he looks slightly familiar , i may have seen him before
somewhat . i do n't remember them
somewhat certain . i remember thinking he looked like kenya
i think so . i think i remember him
uncertain . he is only slightly familiar to me
i do n't recognize anyone . no one looks familiar
fairly confident . i am not 100 %
slightly confident . he looks familiar to me but i 'm not sure from where
kind of certain . he kind of looks similar to someone vie seen
i am completely certain . this is definitely someone vie seen before . i recognized him
fairly certain . i think i remember him looking down in a different photo
fairly confident . i haven seen anyone here before
no one stands out as familiar . no characteristics appear familiar to me
i 'm not certain at all . i chose not present because no one 's face stands out
familiar face . not sure but a familiar face
i 'm not completely certain but looks familiar . because i can not be sure
i ca nt remember any of these . i just ca nt remember
i font remember any of these . ca nt remember any of these men
mi pretty certain i remember him . his hair looks familiar
fairy certain . he looks familiar
not sure . i am not sure if i saw him or not
positive . i remember his hair , HAPAX was wearing a DIS shirt
certain . not up there
certain . seems similar
certain . not up there
not very confident i this choice .. i think the different looks are throwing me off .
mostly certain i saw this . they have a unique kenya look so it seemed to be easy to remember .
semi confident .. the eyebrows are one of the unique features i noticed .
not very confident .. none of these people have any features i remembered .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i 'm pretty sure i saw him in the previous faces .. i 'm fairly sure i recognize his face .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .. i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
i am almost sure , but could be wrong . . they all have similar features i saw , but i do n't remember any of them .
i am almost positive , though the bottom middle man looks similar . . i am not one hundred percent sure i did n't see one of the men .
i do n't remember any of them so i am almost positive i did n't see them . . again , seems like features i saw but not in one face .
not at all certain . i seem to remember this face
not at all certain . i ca n't tell if any of the faces look familiar
not certain . i 'd make a terrible witness , because all of the faces look like they may or may not have been on the original list .
very . was n't there
very . was n't there
very . was n't there
very certain . remember his face
pretty certain . nobody looks familiar
ca n't say for sure anyone looks familiar . i do n't recognize anyone
not very . looks familiar
not very . looks vaguely familiar
not very . none of them look more familiar than the HAPAX
somewhat uncertain . the person looks familiar , but i may be wrong
certain . i remember him
very . i remember thinking that he reminds me of the HAPAX HAPAX
fairly . i do n't recall any of these guys
i remember him because he looks like the douche DIS HAPAX - DIS of a friend of mine .. i remember him because he looks like the douche DIS HAPAX - DIS of a friend of mine .
somewhat certain .. i feel like i remember his hair , features , and expression .
not at all certain .. some of them look familiar but i do n't know if it 's just because of seeing them during the study today DIS times .
not at all certain .. i 'm confused and ca n't recall at this point . i 'm bad with faces .
slightly certain .. he looks familiar but again , it could be because he was just shown .
i am almost half certain i saw this yesterday . . the hair is what i remember the most about this person .
i am almost 100 percent i did not see any of these yesterday . . none of the above look familiar .
i am half certain i saw this before . . the facial expression on this person seems familiar to me .
i am not really certain but something about his face looks like i may have seen it yesterday . . the facial expression on this person makes me think i saw him .
i am a little certain i saw this picture yesterday . . the hair is what seems familiar to me .
i do not remember seeing any of the above . . none of the photos jog my memory .
pretty sure . looks familiar
kinda . saw him
i 'm not . this is hard
not very . none of the faces look familiar
very certain . i remember his face and hair
somewhat . none of their faces look familiar
not very . the face looks familiar
not very . i think his face looks familiar
i 'm pretty sure i saw this face yesterday . i remember the shape of the head and hair
kind of looks familiar . . the individual looks slightly familiar , but i 'm not sure again .
not very certain , but looks familiar . the person looks familiar to me , but i can not be sure .
i am about 50/50 on if i saw this face yesterday . the blue eyes and hair style seem familiar
i am pretty sure i remember his face . i recall seeing this face and the way his hair is
i am about half certain . i remember him because i remembered thinking he has a somewhat HAPAX face , almost like he 's smiling
" i am pretty darn sure . all of these guys have what i would HAPAX " " memorable " " faces , distinct facial features , a particular look ... and yet his is the only one that HAPAX any HAPAX of familiarity , DIS me to believe he was the one present in the photos yesterday "
not very . they all look familiar but non familiar at the same time
not very . this is harder then i thought
not very . jaw line
not very . hair cut seems familiar but mi not sure
semi . nose looks familiar
i 'm fairly certain i saw him . i remember his bright eyes and thin face
i do n't recognize any of these folks . none of their faces jump out in my memory
fairly certain . i do n't recall seeing any of these men
definitely . i do n't remember any of them
somewhat . his hair and facial features look familiar
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces
fairly certain . i remember thinking he looked like a basketball player
not sure . do no think the above faces were in the lineup
certain . remember the faro
pretty certain . guy has a goofy face
i do n't recall seeing any of these people .. none of these people made me feel like i 've seen them before .
this guy seems very familiar .. i remember his hair and facial expression .
nobody pictured looks familiar .. i do n't recognize any of the faces , HAPAX .
i feel pretty sure i saw him before .. he looks familiar .
i do n't remember seeing any of these guys in particular . but it 's a DIS .
i am pretty certain i did not see any of these particular guys . i did not remember seeing any of these gentlemen .
sure . i did n't see any of these faces
not sure . i can hardly remember which faces i saw yesterday
very sure . i remember him because he kind of looks like kenya west
pretty sure . none of them look familiar
pretty sure . none of them look familiar
100 % sure . none of them look like the people from the list .
80 % sure . none of these people look familiar except for 1 , but i do n't think i 've seen his so choosing not present .
i do n't feel like any of the people above are the people i have seen previously .. nobody looks like the people from the list .
not very certain . i do n't remember if i saw these faces or not .
fairly certain . i remember his expression / eyes
fairly certain . i remember seeing him yesterday . i remember his eyes / hair
i believe i saw this person in the first photos .. the facial features appear familiar to me .
pretty sure none of them were seen before .. i do n't recall any of the faces from the previous DIS .
not really sure . one of them looks familiar but not exactly as i remember
more than a bit but not enough to bet on it .. looks familiar again .
not certain . he seems familiar
not certain . font recognize any
not certain at all . kept looking at the pictures now i feel i am second guessing myself .
pretty sure . the hair and eye brows of the picture i remember
no match . i watch for eyes DIS ears DIS jaw
same as prior . just a diff head angle but know he was in line
not sure but i HAPAX say yes . something about his look HAPAX previous line
not one facial structure matches HAPAX . no same eyes ears nose nothing
very . all their heads are too small for their faces . i would of remembered HAPAX at that
very . most of the white people looked really HAPAX
mostly certain . i remember his face but his shirt is different
uncertain . looks like someone i saw in photos
absolutely positive .. i remember this guy , he looks like kenya 's way less attractive cousin .
not very certain . none of these faces really stand out .
i am fairly certain .. i do n't recall seeing any of those faces .
i am fairly certain .. i do n't recognize any of the faces .
one looks possible but i 'm not certain . top left looks some what familiar but i 'm not sure .
pretty certain i did n't see any of them . none look familiar
somewhat certain . does n't look familiar
certain . no one looks familiar
very certain . i remember seeing him
not at all . unsure about this one
not at all . i might have seen him
i 'm kinda of positive . he seems familiar
kind of certain . he 's familiar
a little . i 'm 50 % certain i saw his face
not very certain . i do not recognize anyone in this lineup
not too certain . none of the faces stand out to me
certain . i font recall any of these people
not certain . i think i recall this person but not sure
not certain . i font really remember any of these
not certain . do n't recall any of these people
not certain . i font recall any of these pictures
little certain . font remember any faces
certain . font remember seeing any of these faces
little certain . font remember any faces
little certain . the eyes and the mouth
fairly certain . he looks familiar
not really certain .. was n't sure enough to pick the one gentleman who looked possibly familiar .
mostly .. nobody looks familiar .
kinda .. not sure . looks familiar .
moderate . the beard DIS along with the wide nose
moderately . he looks very familiar
very . they do n't look familiar at all
moderately . i do n't think i 've seen these men before
i do not remember seeing any of them . i am not confident
half sure . his long face
pretty certain . i do not recognize any of them
very certain . pretty sure i saw him
fairly certain . do n't think i saw any of these guys
somewhat HAPAX . looks somewhat familiar
mostly certain . the guys in these photos do not remind me from seeing them before .
i 'm sure it 's not any of them . all of their facial expressions do not match any i remember from the previous day .
not certain . he looks familiar , but i feel like he was not in the lineup .
almost certain . none of these look familiar
fairly certain . do not remember seeing any of these individuals
fairly certain .. none of these look familiar .
i am fairly certain .. none of the men look familiar from the photos yesterday .
i am certain .. i recognize this man from yesterday .
i think there was a guy who looked like kenya . i think i remember him looking like a DIS
pretty sure , unique face .. unique face , HAPAX lips
remember his face . unique nose
none of the faces jump out at me , not sure . i am not getting a familiar feeling from these .
low amount of certainty .. ca n't recall any of these people earlier . i could have seen one , though . not sure .
low certain .. ca n't recall any of these faces .
pretty certain .. i do n't remember any of these people .
i 'm somewhat certain .. none of these men are familiar to me . it 's possible i 'm wrong but i ca n't recognize any of them .
certain . the shapes of all the faces are wrong . they 're very DIS off and i think i 'd recall that if any yesterday looked like that .
not too certain . it seems strange to keep HAPAX like this but i truly do n't recall any of these faces .
kind of certain . he looks like he could be the same as yesterday , but i am not positive
kind of certain . he is the only one who looks kind of familiar
i 'm pretty sure .. the person in the bottom - right looks like somebody i 've seen on HAPAX but not somebody in the lineup .
not sure .. i feel like i 've seen him before but i do n't recall entirely .
i 'm not entirely sure .. nothing stands out to me .
i 'm on the DIS . i think i remember this guy because he 's not attractive
i this i am certain . i do n't remember these guys
i am almost sure . i remember this guy looked HAPAX
not very sure . . it was a choice between no 2 and 6 .
i almost sure this was the first one .. his hair looks a little longer .
sort of . this guy looks kind of familiar
relatively . do n't think i saw any of them
he looks most like the one i saw .. i went with my gut instinct . he seems like i saw him .
i am almost zero percent positive .. i am just trying to do my best .
100 % positive .. i remembered his hair .
i am mostly sure .. it just looks familiar .
90 % certain . none of them stand out
100 % certain . he had an awkward smile in the line up i remember it clearly
very certain . none look familiar
very certain . clearly remember this face
somewhat certain . i think i remember his face
extremely certain . i remember his hair color ( it looked really dark in the middle and light on the HAPAX )
i 'm somewhat certain that none of these guys were in the lineup .. i do n't really recognize any of these faces .
i 'm not entirely certain , but the face looks familiar .. i recognize DIS of this person 's face , making me think that they were in the lineup .
somewhat certain .. i do n't recognize any of the faces at all .
pretty sure . font remember any of these faces
fairly sure . i remember his face
fairly certain . HAPAX what i remember
moderately certain .. seems like he was in the photos but not positive .
not very certain . no one looks familiar to me
not certain . no one looks familiar
not very . the head position and the HAPAX lighting
pretty certain . looks like a DIS actor for a generic HAPAX .
i do n't know this feels HAPAX given the HAPAX points below .. nothing stands out , i would 've seen all of them and they just were n't memorable
fairly . none of them seem familiar , and i know the nose on one of them would be memorable
certain . no one is familiar
certain . HAPAX is n't here
positive . i remember seeing this person
50/50 . ca nt be for sure but i think i remember this person
almost positive . almost sure i remembered seeing this person
do n't recall any of these . no recall
very . familiar to someone i know
DIS certainty . no way was he there yesterday
fairly certain . i think i remember this guy because he looks a bit like kenya and i remember one of the faces looked a bit like kenya
a little certain . he looks a bit familiar
i have no idea ; not certain . they all look the same
not certain . they all look the same
i 'm sort of certain . . i do n't specifically remember any of the presented DIS .
i 'm fairly certain .. i do n't remember any of these faces specifically .
i 'm very certain . this man has a very distinctive face that i 'm almost certain i 've seen before .
i do n't remember any of these faces .. none of them seem familiar to me .
i 'm kind of certain that i saw him .. i recognize the tilt of his head .
i 'm kind of certain .. i feel like i remember his face because he was smiling .
i remember him mostly . i am very certain about him
i remember him . i am sure about him
i font see any one . i am very DIS about this
i think no one is present . i think no one is present
very certain . i feel i have n't seen these men before
i do n't think i have seen any of them before .. faces do n't feel familiar to me .
i am very certain that i have seen him before .. i just remember his expression .
absolutely certain .. never seen any of these guys before for sure .
not really . the head tilt
font see him . font see him
pretty sure . that HAPAX face
look familiar . look familiar
certain . none stand out to me
i am fairly certain .. i feel that this kids facial features was one in the lineup .
not very certain . looks vaguely familiar again , but really not sure at all .
not very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces , but i could easily be wrong
i am fairly certain .. no one looks familiar .
very certain .. i remember seeing this person .
not very certain .. i am not sure if they are familiar or not .
i am fairly certain .. none of the faces look familiar .
not certain .. i do n't know if any look familiar .
fairly certain .. no one looks familiar .
moderately . the shape of his head , the eyes and the chin
very sure . eyebrows , hair style , face shape
very sure . none look familiar at all
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not very . i saw a lot of people yesterday , no idea if i saw this one
not certain at all . there are a couple that i think could have been there but nobody jumps out .
certain . i 'm sure i saw him
100 % . he had a HAPAX faro
i font recognize anyone here . i do n't recognize any of these men
i 'm not very certain .. i do n't believe i saw any of these faces yesterday , but i could have .
i am certain .. i know i did not see any of these faces yesterday so i am certain !
i 'm fairly certain .. i do n't recognize any of these faces . i could be wrong but i do n't believe i saw any of them .
i am fairly certain .. i kind of think his eyes look familiar to one of the faces i saw yesterday !
i do n't recognize anyone . i do not recognize anyone at all .
none of these look recognizable . no faces look familiar
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these facial features .
halfway certain . i think remember the awkward head to neck width and the weak jaw .
i do n't remember seeing any of these faces . . i do n't recognize any of these facial features .
not very certain . not sure at all
may or may not be certain . looks familiar , but not sure
not very . none of these guys look familiar
may or may not be certain . he looks familiar
not that certain . not really sure , but he looks familiar
not very . i 'm not sure it 's him
somewhat . not sure if i saw him
i do n't remember these . no recollection of any of these faces
none were included . none were present in the original set
none look familiar . no facial features look familiar
i do n't recall any of these . none of these looks familiar
somewhat . looks similar to a picture
i am pretty certain of this choice .. this particular male looks familiar and for some reason his hair reminded me of seeing him before .
i am pretty certain of this choice .. this certain male looks more familiar than any of the other males on the lineup .
pretty confident . as HAPAX as the page HAPAX , his face stood out as familiar .
i 'm not sure . as i see more faces , i 'm having a more difficult time making a choice .
not very certain . his face looks somewhat familiar to me .
pretty certain . i remember the haircut and thought it was strange looking hair .
pretty sure i seen him . looks familiar
i am pretty sure this person was in the lineup . his face looks very familiar .
i am very certain he was there yesterday . the long hair is very familiar . the look on his face is one i recognize . the beard and facial features are recognizable
i am really not sure . the first guy in the first row looks familiar . the expression on his face looks familiar . not sure .
i am half certain that he was there . this person looks slightly familiar . i remember the haircut but i am not sure if he is the guy
i am mildly certain .. i do not recognize any of the images .
i am not at all certain .. the image looks vaguely familiar .
i am fairly confident this is a face i saw yesterday .. i remember seeing him .
very certain . i remember this guys chin being narrow like it is and thinking he looked a little smug .
very certain . i think i would 've remembered any of these guys because they seem HAPAX , and since i do n't , they DIS not have been shown .
i 'm very certain .. i remember this guys smile and the DIS HAPAX between his eye brows .
not very certain . i think i remember the HAPAX this guy seemed to be HAPAX , plus his skin HAPAX out a little on his cheek .
fairly certain . i think i remember the guy 's eye brows HAPAX like that guys in the picture
maybe certain . i think i remember this guys DIS lips and the DIS in his eyebrow . but i am not sure at all .
pretty certain . these guys have nothing memorable about them to stand out to me , so i do n't think they were shown before .
pretty certain .. i did n't recognize anyone .
slightly . i do n't think i recognize anyone .
sort of certain . he reminds me of a guy i went to middle school with , and i remember seeing somebody that looked like him in the study .
fairly certain . i did n't recognize anybody above .
fairly confident . i do n't recognize anyone and am fairly confident they were n't in the lineup
uncertain . i do n't recognize any of these people ; however , i 'm not certain they were n't in the lineup
a little . i remember him looking like kenya
not certain . this is harder the more faces i see
so very unsure . a couple people look half familiar . no one looks completely familiar . i am so bad at faces .
i have absolutely no idea . i do n't recognize any of the faces but i 'm bad at faces
very . no recognition
very . no recollection
somewhat certain . facial hair style and hair style remind me of an individual i have seen before . however , no other characteristics stand out to me .
i am not very certain . i seem to remember an individual with shorter black hair and a light goatee
not at all certain . i do not remember any of these faces with certainty
pretty certain . none of these faces look familiar
slightly certain . i feel like i 've seen this face before
very . DIS HAPAX face
somewhat . similar hairstyle
somewhat . facial expression is different
i am pretty confident with my choice .. i thought i remembered one of the faces DIS me of kaye west and my answer choice resembles him . it was a mental note i gave myself to try to remember the faces that i HAPAX to .
i 'm completely certain .. i do n't recognize these faces at all and am certain i have n't seen them previously .
i am completely confident .. i made a mental note with a face that i previously seen . the mental note was someone that i was friends with in school and this face looks like that person .
i am mostly certain i have n't seen these faces previously .. i made the response because i am pretty sure that i have n't seen the faces that were given to me to choose from .
i am not too sure about this response .. i feel like the face looks familiar , but at the same time i 'm unsure about it . the face sorta looks like someone i knew from school and i know i made a couple of mental notes on the previous task HAPAX to it .
not certain at all . nose looks vaguely familiar
not very certain . i ca n't identify any familiar faces or features here
not very . he looks familiar
not at all . he looks like one of 2 dude DIS i saw before
i do n't recognize any of these people . i do n't remember any of them
i 'm certain that i do n't remember seeing any of the men above , from yesterdays lineup .. none of the men above have any really specific facial features that stood out to me that i can remember from yesterday if they were in the lineup , but i really do n't think any of them were .
i 'm certain in my response that the man i chose above was in yesterday 's lineup .. his face shape and bone structure are something that stood out to me i think .
not certain . unsure
not very certain . i feel like vie seen them before but not sure
certain . no one looks familiar
semi certain . he looks familiar
DIS certain . i 'm almost positive i have not seen any of these faces before .
pretty certain . i 'm pretty confident i saw this face before . i picked it out right away .
somewhat certain . none of the other faces look familiar , but the one i chose does look familiar . but i really ca n't be sure i 've seen it before .
very certain . eyes and mouth
kinda certain . . again , its really hard with the black men . they all look alike to me but none look like yesterday .
i am very certain this is the same man as yesterday .. this man has the same DIS , dumb look as the one yesterday .
fairly certain . looks like someone i saw before
i am fairly certain . he looks like vie seen him before
i am not sure . none look familiar
pretty sure . i 'm sure i haven seen these men
pretty sure . i remember his big eyes
i think i remember seeing this man yesterday but i 'm not sure . i just think i seen him . he looks familiar
i am only somewhat certain . he looks familiar from yesterday
not positive . i do n't think i know any of them but now i keep second guessing myself
pretty sure . he stands out to me
fairly certain . does n't look familiar
certain . i remember it
fairly postie . do n't remember the face
postie . does n't look familiar
halfway certain . i remember the mustache
never saw any of these before . no one looks like the people i saw earlier
very certain . i remember this guy had his head back in the same way and the features are the same
i 'm almost certain none of these guys were in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
i 'm almost certain that none of these men were in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any black males wearing the dark red shirt
i 'm pretty certain none of these guys were in the previous lineup . i do n't remember any of their faces
mi fairly certain . i believe i remember him
i am positive . i recall this face
he looks familiar . i recognize the face
maybe . i think i recognize this guy
i 'm guessing because he seems familiar . his face looks familiar i think
i 'm unsure . i do n't see anyone i recognize
i 'm not certain at all . because i don know for sure
i 'm super sure . he looks like HAPAX HAPAX with a weird nose
i 'm unsure . i do n't really notice anyone
i think so . i do n't recognize anyone for sure
pretty certain . i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
pretty certain . . i think he looks familiar to me .
pretty certain .. i do not remember seeing any of these faces .
certain . i remember seeing his face because i thought he was cute when i saw him the first time .
pretty certain . i do n't think i remember seeing any of these faces .
pretty certain . i recognize his face
100 % . he reminded me of kenya west
pretty confident . do n't remember any of their faces
pretty certain . i remember his eyes
very certain . i remember his face
very . i do not recognize any of them .
very . i do n't recognize their faces
i think i recognize him , even though his hair seemed lighter in the other photo . he reminded me of a friend , so that 's why i think i remember him .
pretty certain . i recognize the one guy
kind of certain . this guy looks familiar , but mi not positive
very certain . i know this guy was one of them
kind of . hair
not very . do n't remember any of these people
30 % . do n't remember
i am about half sure , though i am leaning towards this being someone in the line up . i remember his eyes , though i think he was DIS HAPAX before .
pretty sure . i do n't recognize any features at all .
pretty sure , but not totally sure .. there are familiar features , but not totally sure . different facial expression ?
pretty sure , but HAPAX .. nobody stood out
iffy for sure . he looked the most HAPAX
moderately . he looks familiar , but not totally .
i am very certain . i do n't recognize any of them .
i 'm 100 % certain that this dude was in the prior line - up .. i HAPAX 100 % certain because i remember seeing him and thinking he looked slightly like kenya in the eyes .
i am uncertain completely and utterly .. i found myself HAPAX from one picture to the next looking at specific facial expressions , eyes , facial hair and darkness to HAPAX but no combination of these made me think this one and not that one . i found myself HAPAX one looked familiar but then the next seemed the same , and i DIS that you could HAPAX out each feature for another and the same would be true .
its like a HAPAX HAPAX of a memory that i recall this guy .. i think he 's slightly memorable because of his facial hair , but i could be DIS that up with the guy below him .
i 'm utterly uncertain , but there 's a HAPAX familiarity .. one of them does kind of look like a DIS HAPAX a little bit , so i 'm uncertain if that 's the reason he jumps out at me or what .
i 'm completely sure of seeing this guy prior to today .. he has a facial expression that really made me remember him as well as his head leaning which makes him stand out .
i 'm uncertain completely and utterly .. they 're like the most DIS white dudes i 've ever seen and all sort of look like each others cousin so because of this no bells have been ringing in my memory .
i am absolutely certain .. i recognize his facial features and hair .
sort of certain ? . he looks vaguely familiar .
absolutely certain . those bangs !
not certain . his face may be similar to one i saw
fairly . i do n't recall any of these faces
pretty . i just ca nt tell so again its the DIS bet
very . he looks like the exact same guy i thought looked mentally HAPAX before just with a different head position
i am very certain on this line up . because the neck i specifically remember .
pretty certain . he looked familiar .
pretty certain . he looked familiar .
very certain . these guys are n't even smiling a little and i font recognize anyone .
certain . i do n't recognize any of these faces .
certain . the eyebrows and lips are memorable .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize them .
fairly . dint recognize any of them .
i am extremely certain i saw this person . i know for a fact i saw this person before .
i am certain . none of these men were shown .
i am certain that i 've seen him . the nose and eye shape are familiar , and the same pose is used .
i am somewhat certain that this is the person i saw earlier . he looks somewhat familiar . i remember ( or think i do ) seeing someone who looked like this and how he looks like my brother 's friend .
positive . i do n't recognize anyone .
pretty sure . not positive but i do n't recognize anyone .
fairly certain . no faces are familiar to me .
fairly certain . none of the faces in the lineup are familiar to me . they appear similar to some of the faces shown earlier , but not exactly .
not very . i think i remember his nose , but i 'm not at all confident .
certain . shape of the head , DIS , narrow .
fairly certain . i remember a person with similar facial features , jaw line , and haircut .
a little certain . i do n't remember seeing any of these faces .
fairly certain . i do n't remember any of these faces .
i am fairly certain . i recognize his hair and his facial features .
i am somewhat certain . i recall the shape of his face and eyes .
i am fairly certain . none of the faces at all seemed familiar .
i am pretty sure i have n't seen these faces . i do n't remember any of these characteristics .
not too certain . the face seems familiar but it could honestly go either way .
quite certain . his nose jumped out at me ... i seem to recall someone with a similar nose from before .
fairly certain . none of the hairstyles seem familiar at all .
not that certain . looks familiar .
somewhat certain , but not DIS . i remember thinking one of the earlier ones looked like a DIS . this guy looks like a DIS .
fairly certain . just looks familiar .
kind of certain . the hair and face structure seem familiar .
not confident . haircut .
i am not too certain on my selection . this one looks vaguely familiar .
sort of certain . do not recognize any of the faces .
not at all confident . none of the faces stand out .
a little certain . looks familiar .
kind of certain . somewhat seems familiar .
i am slightly certain . his eyes and nose look familiar .
not very . i do n't recognize them .
fairly certain . i do n't think i recognize anyone .
positive . he has a strange pointed hair cut .
not very . font remember seeing that face but ca nt be sure .
not very . he looks slightly familiar .
slightly certain . none of the faces jump out at me as familiar .
pretty certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
fairly certain . i did not recognize the faces .
certain . looks very familiar .
mildly certain . nobody DIS me out as familiar .
somewhat certain . this one has a hairstyle that i noted in the original random lineup .
somewhat certain . the jawline seems familiar but the angle of the face seems different .
certain . no ones familiar .
very certain . i believe he had a plaid shirt on .
certain . not pictured before .
his eyes seem familiar to me . the eyes stand out as familiar .
pretty sure . i remember his haircut .
certain . he reminded me of kenya west and i remembered his face .
pretty certain . small faro , facial hair , and HAPAX expression .
fairly certain . i 'm fairly certain i have n't seen these faces .
quite certain . i do not remember seeing any of those faces before .
very certain . remember eyebrows .
certain . no one looks familiar .
i am quite certain this man was one that i saw . he has a certain type of eyes which are very noticeable , and i recognize the cut of his hair .
pretty . none look familiar .
pretty certain . i do n't remember any of them .
not very certain . seems vaguely familiar .
i am fairly certain i do not recognize any of these faces . none of the faces look familiar .
i feel fairly confident . none of these faces look familiar .
pretty certain . font recognize anyone .
i 'm quite certain i did n't see any of them . i font think i saw any of them .
pretty certain . his hair .
not certain . i do n't recognize any of the faces .
very sure . i remember someone with that hair and eye color .
very . no recognition .
very certain ! . he looks pretty familiar .
kind of certain . head shape .
very certain . i do n't recall any of these faces .
pretty positive i have n't seen any of these people . almost 100 % positive .
entirely certain . he has very unique eyes .
not very . he looks a bit familiar .
certain . do not recognize any .
only a little certain . none of them look familiar or stand out .
entirely certain . i do n't recognize anything about any of the men .
somewhat . none look familiar .
very . saw him before .
rather certain . the eyes and the hair are the same . the eyes especially , one being higher than the other .
quite . no faces look familiar .
not too certain . do n't think i recognize anyone .
i am kind of certain . his expression looks familiar but i 'm not super sure .
i 'm certain this is the man . i remember his hair and facial hair . his eyes , facial hair , and hair .
not sure . none really look familiar .
pretty sure . the blue eyes .
fairly certain . i do not recognize any of these people .
almost certain . i ca n't remember these faces .
