1	75. i remember him
1	very certain. recognize him.
1	None of these guys look familiar. I'm pretty sure I haven't seen them before.
0	not very certain. he looks familiar
1	fairly certain. None of these faces look like previously seen
1	I'm not extremely certain. The guy on the bottom right kind of looks like one, but I'm not sure.. One looks somewhat familiar but I don't think it's him.
1	i have not seen these pics. mi pretty sure i haven seen these pics.
1	I am almost completely certain. None of the faces look recognizable.
1	Fairly certain. I don't really remember seeing any of these.
0	not too sure. noon looks familiar
1	fairly certain I saw this face. analyzing eye brows, eyes, hair
1	I am fairly certain. none of these men look familiar.
0	He looks familiar. I think he was in the lineup
1	I'm extremely certain about not seeing any of these faces. . I feel confident about saying I'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before.
1	fairly certain. The facial hair and face shape are similar to a man that appeared earlier.
0	not certain. i don't remember any of these people or their hair styles
0	not real certain. don't remember for sure
0	Slightly certain. None of these men seem familiar to me.
0	medium certain. the weak chin and eyebrows looked familiar to me.
1	Fairly certain. I think I remember his eyes
1	certain. the shape of his nose is familiar
1	i do not recall these men. i do not recall these men
1	I don't remember any of them.. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	Confident. No one looks familiar to me
1	I am certain.. I don't recall anyone with these face shapes.
1	i remember him. i seen him several times yesterday
1	Very certain. I don't recognize any of these people.
0	Fairly. Eyes and skin tone
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	fairly. He looks familiar
1	very. i remember his face
1	Fairly certain. I have seen this guy before
0	not present. font remember these faces
0	He seems familiar. Not really certain.
1	close to being certain. I don't remember any of these faces
0	i am not very certain, but this one looks the most familiar. I wasn't positive, but made a guess.
1	Pretty certain.. I remember the pout face.
0	medium. no one is standing out
1	I am fairly certain.. The face looks really familiar, but I am not absolutely sure.
1	very. I remember seeing that guy
1	I'm pretty certain.. I don't recognize any of the faces in the picture.
0	For some reason, he looks familiar.. I may have seen him, but still not sure.
0	Pretty sure everyone looks like a complete stranger.. Well no one jogs any memory for me at all from the prior line-up, they just look like random people to me.
0	somewhat. I think he looks familiar.
1	I am fairly certain of this man.. I picked him because he reminded me of the man with the white shirt with blue collar. His face looks the same build.
1	None of these faces strike me as familiar.. I do not recall any of these faces.
1	I am very confident that it's him.. I remember his haircut and his eyes.
0	not very. He looks familiar. Maybe different facial expression
1	80. none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
1	I just don't remember them.. They aren't standing out to me.
0	Not really sure. I don't recognize the faces for sure
0	not very. maybe familiar
0	Not certain. They look so similar to each other
0	mi kinda certain. he looks familiar.
1	Very certain. I don't recognize anyone
1	Very. This guy looks like a tool. I hated it when his photo popped up.
1	I am somewhat certain. Because I cannot be 100%
1	I remember seeing this gentleman.. I remember seeing his face.
1	very certain. none of them were in the lineup.
1	remember the neck and hair. I remember a couple features
0	not sure. i cant remember that face
0	not certain. no one looks familiar
1	to a degree. I don't remember them
0	not sure at all to be honest. i remember seeing a bald headed African America but not sure if he is the right one
1	I think I'm almost sure. I remember this attractive man
0	LITTLE CERTAIN. I THINK IT WAS THE HAIR AND HOW YOUNG HE LOOKS
1	I am certain that I have seen him. the eyes and eye brows is what I recall.
0	Not very.. None of these faces stand out much to me, but I believe I may have seen the selected individual.
0	not sure. i don't think these look familiar.
0	Slightly certain. His eyes look similar to one I may have seen before.
0	somewhat . do not recognize any of the faces above
1	certain. he has the same facial expression as before.
0	NOT CERTAIN. I FONT THINK I SEE ANYONE I HAD SEEN PREVIOUSLY
0	Fairly certain. They font look familiar.
1	i cannot tell so thatch the safest option. its harder for me to distinguish differences in other races and with the different conditions its just impossible.
0	some. He looks familiar
1	I'm pretty sure. i remember he looked like Eddie Murphy
1	very. wasn't there
1	I am pretty sure I haven't seen these faces.. I don't believe I have seen these faces.
0	somewhat certain. I don't think I saw any of these men yesterday
1	I am fairly certain. I feel like I haven't seen them before
1	Somewhat certain, slightly unsure. The shape of his nose and mouth are very familiar to me, but not enough to be positive.
1	the guy in the middle on the top row almost looks familiar. the longer i look, the less he looks familiar.
1	I'm kinda certain about seeing this face.. I feel confident about saying I'm kinda certain about seeing this face before.
0	not really certain. I just think I remember his creepy look
1	fairly certain. the eyes look familiar to me
0	just font recall any of them. They all look similar and not like anyone I can recall seeing
1	kinda sure I have not seen these faces before. do not think these faces where shown yesterday
0	mostly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these yesterday.
0	not too certain. I can't remember
1	somewhat certain. hair line above eyebrows.
1	very certain. I remember him
0	moderately certain. i do not remember any of these faces. i am not getting a positive feeling as if i had seen them before
1	i am fairly certain...i feel pretty confident . i remember his haircut, the spikiness of it, and the way he holds his mouth
0	not at all certain. his face seems familiar, but I am not sure
0	slightly. he reminded me of a friend from college, which I remembered
1	Somewhat certain.. I think I've seen him before. The haircut and goatee is familiar.
0	maybe 50-50. Seems somewhat familiar for some reason
0	No one looks familiar. I don't recognize anyone
1	really positive. i remember the facial expression
1	I'm not super sure, but I think there wasn't anybody here I saw.. None of the faces looked like people I saw.
1	somewhat. i didn't recognize anyone
1	I don't think I've seen these faces.. I've seen a similar face, but none of these match.
1	Somewhat. His facial hair
1	I'm fairly sure.. None of the faces seem to trigger my memory. Maybe the first one a tiny bit, but not enough to be sure.
1	Certain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	I am mostly certain. The haircut gave it away.
1	Fairly sure. I think I saw this guy before, with different cloths.
1	SLIGHT ACCURATE. I FEEL LIKE I REMEMBER HIS GO-TEE
1	certain. never seen these faces.
1	pretty certain. this person looks familiar.
1	I am positive he is not in this lineup. . None of them look like the man I am thinking of.
0	I don't recognize any of these men.. None of the facial features look familiar.
0	Nowhere near certain enough to convict. I just 'feel' like I remember that eye-nose-mouth ratio. And even if that is true, it may not be the same fellow.
1	pretty sure. none of them look familiar
1	Fairly certain. No faces are familiar to me.
1	fairly certain. same nose and eye shape.
0	Not certain. These faces look new
1	None of these individuals reminds me of someone I've seen. None of these individuals have striking characteristics that evoke an image of who I may have seen
0	not very. his hair looks correct but i don't think the facial hair is the same
1	very certain. none of the faces are familiar
0	uncertain. can't remember
1	Somewhat certain. His hair and face look familiar
1	somewhat certain. the nose looks familiar.
1	60 percent. His neck looked familiar.
0	not very. a few may look familiar, but i cannot be certain
0	not certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	His hair stands out. I have seen his hair many times before.
0	Very certain. No one here looks familiar
0	A bit certain. The eyes
1	very. I remember his hair shape and face
0	Not certain. He seems the only one who is familiar.
1	fairly certain. i remember seeing this face a couple of times yesterday
1	very certain. Not there
0	Somewhat sure. none of the faces look familiar
1	certain. I don't recall them.
1	Pretty certain. . I don't remember seeing any man with these sort of ears.
1	very . he looked like someone I knew, so I remembered him
0	fairly certain. none of the faces above looked familiar
0	None of these guys look familiar . They all look like new people to me
1	very. never seen them before
0	Not certain. Don't recognize any of the faces
0	I am only a little bit certain. His eyes look familiar.
0	Not at all. These pictures all kind of look alike
1	Although most of the white males were smiling, I believe he was one of the few that wasn't. I am basing my assumption off a vague recollection that he was one of the few unsmiling white males.
1	75. i think i remember him
1	above average. looks familiar.
0	A LITTLE BIT CERTAIN. THE BACK OF MY MIND TELL ME
1	Slightly certain. They look familiar to the person I saw earlier but none are him.
0	Not too certain.. None of the faces look familiar.
1	very certain. everyone before seemed to be smiling
0	a little certain. I don't really remember but it was the only one out of all of them i thought i had seen before
1	I am pretty certain. . I do not remember him.
1	fairly certain. his face shape seems familiar
1	certain. Not matching faces that i can remember
0	30. I do not recall
0	none of them look familiar. I font think any of them look like vie seen them before
1	i am fairly certain. I recognize the last face
1	I am fairly certain. I remember the neck to head width proportion
1	I'm fairly certain about my response. . I feel like I saw a guy with the same features on the previous page.
0	No one looks familiar. Some people look like they could of been in the original but I font remember
0	not certain. looks familiar but not sure
1	Fairly certain. The only blondes here don't look familiar, and i don't remember too many dark haired whites
0	kind of recognize him. his hair might be different
0	cant remember. font know
0	I am 50/50 on whether I saw this face for sure.. I remember the pointy head, but I could be wrong.
0	kinda certain. I think I remember this guys hair, however he looks a lot like the guy to the right of him too. So it's hard to tell.
1	I'm fairly certain (95%) that I saw this person in the previous lineup.. The eyes, look, and closed-mouth matched what I saw before.
1	Fairly confident. I don't recognize anyone from yesterday
1	certain. not recognizing any faces.
1	I am pretty sure. None of the faces look familiar.
0	not sure. think i remember that face
1	I am almost certain that I saw none of these men. . There is one man who looks similar to another man I have seen, but I do not think it is him.
1	The eyebrows of the people are not recognizable. The eyebrows of the people are not recognizable.
0	I am pretty sure but not positive. The facial features, the tussle in his hair, his mannerism all look familiar
0	not at all certain. none of the faces seem familiar
0	fairly certain. i don't recognize anyone.
0	somewhat. I don't think I've seen any of these faces.
0	Not at all. Don recognize these guys
1	Fairly certain. I feel I would have remembered the hairstyles or faces of any of these men.
0	I'm not. I don't know
1	somewhat. I think I seen that dude
1	pretty certain. no familiar faces.
0	not sure. I don't remember seeing any of these people
0	I am not very certain.. I am unsure if I saw this person before.
0	a little bit. his smile looks familiar.
1	about 60 percent. looks possibly familiar but i don't feel super strong about it.
1	I'm maybe 60/40 certain here.. While one of the guys looks familiar, I'm pretty sure he's not a match. The facial features don't QUITE match up with what I recall seeing.
0	Not very. I vaguely recognize his eyes and nose.
0	not sure. font remember seeing any of these faces
0	I am a little certain of this choice.. This male looks a little familiar in comparison to all of the other photos.
0	slightly certain. he looks familiar
0	a little. i do not recognize them
1	He looks pretty familiar, so I am fairly certain.. He looks familiar but I am not completely sure.
0	Only a little bit certain. The shape of his face, his ears and his hairline look familiar
1	Pretty Certain. He Looks Familiar.
0	it might be him. looks like he was in lineup
1	moderate. somewhat familiar
0	unsure. I gave the pictures nicknames to remember them and then you changed them to no longer match
1	I feel like I'm 100% certain this is the guy. His face reminds me of someone similar I've seen before.. The person I picked reminds me of someone I've seen before.
1	VERY CERTAIN. HAIR
0	Not certain. . This face again just feels vaguely familiar.
0	unsure. I don't specifically remember any of these faces
1	quite certain. the hairstyle is distinctive.
0	I believe I don't recognize anyone here, but I am not sure. None of the faces look similar to me
0	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize these faces.
1	mi 100% certain. this guy looks like troy airmen
0	I am not certain at all. . I think I may have seen this individual, but have no reasoning other than intuition.
1	I remember his sideburns. I remember his long sideburns
0	I am nearly half certain of this choice. I am not sure. More than one face seems familiar.
1	Very certain. Remembered his hair sticking out, so very certain he was in the lineup.
1	pretty certain. memorable face.
0	not certain. because I'm not certain
1	very certain. i don't remember seeing any of those person.
0	I'm not very certain. His hair and eyes seem familiar
0	Very uncertain.. I feel like I remember the face. But I am unsure.
0	somewhat. None of the faces feel familiar to me.
0	I font remember seeing them. I font remember seeing any of them
0	Not at all. I font remember any of these faces, but now I've seen so many it's harder to remember
1	Very positive on this one. I remember this fellow's haircut
1	I remember the hair. pretty sure I remember the hair
1	completely sure. i don't recognize any of the features in this example set.
1	I am certain I saw this face yesterday.. Eyes and facial hair.
1	Certain. His hair looks familiar to me
1	Completely certain.. I specifically remember seeing this guy more than once and thinking he had a goofy look on his face.
1	I am somewhat certain. his eyebrows, hair and facial hair makes me think I saw him
1	I am not really sure. He looks like one of the ones I remember.. His facial features looked familiar.
1	I do not recognize any of these faces. All of these faces have strong features I feel I would have remembered.
1	very certain. He is not there
1	pretty certain. only one looked familiar
1	Fairly certain. I font recall a red shirt.
0	Only slightly certain. I feel like I have seen this man before.
0	not very. he looks familiar
0	Very much not sure.. I really don't know if I've seen any of these individuals previously. None feel familiar.
0	Pretty certain. Don't recognize them
0	not very certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	very. because he's cute and hard to forget
1	I am quite certain. I remember thinking about a man with big ears.
0	not sure. think I recognize from the sideshow but cannot be sure.
1	somewhat certain. none of the individuals looked like those from the previous pictures
0	Not Certain. I just don't recognize these people.
0	i think i saw him. i can't really tell who i saw earlier but he looks familiar
1	Fairly certain.. None of these look familiar.
0	slightly. face shape looks similar
0	I'm not certain at all.. I feel like maybe, just maybe I've seen them, but I really can't say.
1	Mostly. Did not match key words I said to self during first line up. But one looks like a maybe.
0	i think he was in the lineup. i think i remember his hair style
1	I'm about half certain I've not seen any of these people before.. I look at them all and I don't think I've seen them. I think I would remember faces like this, but I'm not sure completely.
0	Kind of certain. One guy looks kind of familiar but I font think he is one
1	I am fairly certain. The man in the photo I selected looks very familiar
0	Somewhat certain.. I think I saw him.
0	halfway. Look somewhat familiar, but can't pick out a particular face
1	somewhat . none look familiar
1	certain. don't remember seeing any in the beginning pictures.
1	pretty certain. the eyes look familiar
1	very certain. I recognize this person's head shape, chin, and eyes. I am quite certain it's him.
0	unsure. I don't recognize anyone.
0	NOT VERY CONFIDENT. THEY LOOK CLOSE TO BUT NOT EXACTLY LIKE I REMEMBER
1	certain. no face looks familiar to me
1	I don't think so. I had to think hard about one person
0	Maybe 25% certain.. I don't recall any of their faces.
1	pretty certain. none of the faces look familiar.
1	pretty sure. I've never seen these men before.
1	No one looks familiar. No one is familiar in this line up
0	I am about half certain about this lineup. I am not remembering any of these men
0	certain. mi not sure
0	Not at all certain. Vague recognition.
0	I think I remember him but I am mostly unsure. His nose looks familiar
1	moderately certain. none look familiar.
0	I'm not entirely certain. I thought I recognized his face from before, but I'm not too sure.
0	not at all. I font recognize anyone
0	Not very certain.. I might have seen this one.
0	Not sure. Individuals face look familiar
1	I am certain. His beard looks familiar
0	I'm not certain. No face looks familiar and no features stand out to me.
1	very certain. his facial expression.
1	Certain Somewhat. I've seen him before.
0	Somewhat sure. The face looks familiar
0	nothing i remember. nothing sticks out
1	pretty sure. none of these faces are familiar.
1	It's my instinct that I think I've seen this man before. I can't really pin point what exactly is familiar. But I feel that I've seen him before
1	None of them look familiar at all. I recognize no faces from the previous lineup.
0	not very certain. That face looks very familiar, I believe that I saw it yesterday
1	none look familiar. none look familiar
0	a little certain. he seems familiar.
0	Not at all. None of the faces look familiar to me.
0	Unsure. Some of them look familiar but I'm not sure.
1	I remember him. I remember his face.
1	Mostly certain. I feel like I've seen someone with this type of facial hair in the lineup
0	Somewhat certain, not very confident. He looks familiar, but did not stand out in original set.
1	Very certain that I have seen this man before.. I remember the expression on his face.
0	Maybe twenty percent certain.. I don't recall seeing any of them.
0	a little bit. I font remember these faces
1	He's making a different face, but that's him. I remember the man's uncomfortable smirk. He doesn't have it here, but I remember noticing his hair, eyes, and the contour of his cheeks and jaw because I was focused on his expression.
1	Pretty certain. None of these guys look quite like anyone I saw yesterday
1	None of the faces look familiar, so I am pretty certain.. I am relying on reflexive memory to decide if they were in the previous lineup.
0	unsure. unsure
1	I am sure. This guy was memorable
0	not sure. looked most familiar
1	I think he was seen, but I am not sure since he is wearing a different shirt. . He looks familiar, but I can't be sure.
0	Somewhat certain.. I don't have any memory of these faces. I'm starting to get mixed up though from looking at all the lineups.
1	I think I saw him earlier. He looks like a friend of mine.
0	Somewhat certain. I think maybe this could be the guy
0	not certain. I can't recall any of these
0	not really. He looks vaguely familiar.
0	not sure at all. i don't remember specific face shapes and characteristics
1	Different expression but I saw him. I remember him
0	not too certain. he looks familiar based on face shape.
1	I am fairly certain.. I said that I am fairly certain because those people do not look familiar.
1	i remember his face. the eyes
1	FAIRLY CERTAIN. I REMEMBER THE EYEBROWS WITH THE GOATEE
0	I am not certain . I don't believe I have seen any of the men above
0	I'm not very certain.. I can't recall any of these faces.
1	not certain. I think I remember him but not sure
1	Not 100% sure.. Again the facial expressions are throwing me off so I'm not positive.
0	I not 100 percent certain but i think i saw him yesterday . I have a feeling i saw him in photo yesterday
1	I'm extremely certain about not seeing these face.. I feel confident about saying I'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before.
1	almost certain. hes attractive so i remembered his face
1	Kind of sure. I remember thinking a dude looked like Kenya west but he wast in a red shirt.
1	I don't remember any of these faces.. I don't recall any of these faces.
1	Fairly certain. None look familiar.
0	a little. I don't recognize them.
1	very. i remember thinking he looked boyish and a bit beach
1	Quite certain this was one of the individuals in yesterdays survey. . I remember someone looking up just how he is with his face shape.
1	Very. I remember his crazy hair
0	not. two of them look like twins
1	Fairly certain. This gentleman looks similar to a previous shown photo based on his eyebrow bone structure, nose, and eyelet.
1	Relatively. I think I saw him but am not sure
0	In not certain. maybe familiar
1	None of these faces look familiar. Nothing stands out in any of these faces.
0	I am 50% sure. No one looks like the one I saw yesterday.. I took a random guess.
1	Reasonably certain. I feel very confident this is one of the faces I saw yesterday, but there are also a lot of people with a similar look.
0	slightly certain. the top right looks slightly familiar but i do not think it was the same person shown previously
1	Not certain. I don't recall any of these faces.
0	I'm not certain I saw any of them. I don't recall seeing any of them
1	SLIGHT ACCURATE. NONE OF THESE FACES APPEAR FAMILIAR
1	Certain, but not 100%. They all look too alike one another, none of them stand out
0	Not very certain. I think it was one of the faces I saw based on facial features
0	not certain. the first guy looks familiar but i don't think his eyebrows are bushy enough.
0	not very. they all look very similar to me
0	none. do not recognize
1	fairly postie. Looks familiar
1	certain. no face looked familiar or drew my attention
1	Somewhat. I think I remember his hair and his mouth.
0	Somewhat certain. I remember the hairline and strong jaw, but not certain that is enough o positively ID
1	i do not recall. don't remember the faces
0	not very certain. I was going to pick not present however, his chin looks really familiar.
1	I am fairly certain I recall seeing this face before. . I remember the certain positioning of his head.
1	very. saw him
1	I'm fairly certain.. I have a medium amount of confidence that I saw the photo yesterday.
0	In not very certain. this is the most familiar face
1	Fairly certain. I believe he was wearing a different colored shirt
0	not very. no one stands out
0	Not very certain. The shape of his eyes looks familiar to me.
0	very little certain. I have the vaguest idea I might have seen him
1	very certain . remember his face
1	Very certain. The facial expression is familiar.
0	not very certain. one looks slightly familiar but i am not sure.
0	Fairly certain. None of these faces look familiar
1	somewhat. I think it was the man man, but I am not positive
0	Not completely certain. The last one looks like he might be one I saw but not certain
1	I am somewhat certain. . I remember his nose and eyes.
0	not very. I don't remember anyone looking like any of these guys
1	Very certain. He reminded me of Kenya West.
1	moderately sure. I am pretty positive but not 100
1	Fairly certain. I do not believe any of these faces were present yesterday.
1	certain. i saw him
1	I am somewhat certain.. I don't recognize any of these men.
1	pretty sure. do not look familiar
1	very. i tried to imprint certain moods or personalities i gathered from the faces and i font see anything here that reminds me of them
1	I remember this guy because he looks like a friend of mine. Very certain. . I remember him very clearly because of his nose and hair.
0	somewhat certain. he looks like I might have seen him before
1	I do not recognize one of these faces. No face looks familiar to me.
0	A little. . He kind of looks familiar.
1	sort of. that guy kind of stood out from the rest
0	none look familiar. none
0	I'm not at all certain.. I'm really not sure if I've seen any of them or not, but if I have I think maybe it's this person.
1	very. I don't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos.
1	mildly sure I don't remember them. I can't recall these faces
1	very certain. appearance
1	not sure. possibly familiar
1	Completely certain. I do not recognize any of the faces shown
0	Not sure at all. I don't recall anyone with the facial hair depicted in these photos
1	pretty sure. his face shape and facial hair look very familiar
1	fairly certain. i remember his hair and eyes
1	Very certain. No one looks familiar.
1	kind of certain. no one looks familiar.
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
1	fairly. no one seems familiar.
1	very certain. haven't seen these faces before
1	Not sure at all.. Not of them quite look like the original/
1	Very certain. I'm pretty sure I remember him.
1	I'm fairly certain, but not positive. I remember his lips and chin acne.
1	Fairly certain. I do not remember any of these faces from before.
0	half way certain. the face looks familiar
0	pretty certain. not of them look overtly familiar.
1	fairly certain. he looks familiar
1	pretty certain. I seem to remember this face earlier except the man was wearing a black and white shirt
1	Certainly not here. I don't see anything specifically recognizable here.
1	Very certain.. I don't recall any of their faces, not even a little.
1	Several (perhaps 4) of the faces seem somewhat familiar, but this one seems very familiar.. This face seems strongly familiar.
0	not very certain. Don't recognize any of these faces.
1	I am incredibly certain.. I remember his haircut
1	sure. eyebrows
1	somewhat. i think i remember seeing this person
0	kinda. font look familiar.
1	Not completely certain.. No one looks familiar.
1	Positive. I know I saw this face.
0	I am not nearly certain of this choice. One face seems familiar, but I am not completely sure.
1	I'm very certain. I recognize the shape of his faro, and his eyebrows are higher up.
0	Pretty certain.. Because none of them seem familiar.
0	maybe. uncertain
1	Pretty certain. They don't look familiar
1	"Absolutely certain. I distinctly remember seeing this picture earlier because I thought to myself that he resembled Kenya West and I nicknamed him ""Kenya"" during the random picture sequence."
1	I am positive.. I recognize his eyes, nose and mouth.
1	Pretty certain. I don't recall seeing any of these guys yesterday
1	I'm pretty sure I recognize this guy. I think I remember the unique shape of his nostrils and his nose
0	Not certain. They do not look familiar
1	I think I have seen this photo before. I am not certain but he looks familiar
1	pretty certain. I don't think I saw any of them previously, but I am not sure
0	not very. i have a vague feeling that I saw this person, but it is not strong
1	I am certain he was in the ones I saw. because I remember seeing him
0	Somewhat certain. I remember the type of look the man was making
1	Fairly certain . I think I remember his hair being kind of frizzy.
1	I'm pretty certain I've seen the man I chose, before.. I vaguely remember his nose shape and his high forehead.
0	fairly. looks familiar.
1	mostly certain. I don't remember any of these facial features.
1	fairly certain. The haircut looks very familiar
1	he looks familiar. i think i saw him earlier
1	i am certain. i remember his face
0	Not very certain at all. I'm not sure I have previously seen any of the faces
1	pretty certain. none of these faces are familiar to me.
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
1	pretty sure. i font recognize anyone
0	pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	not very. I can't recall any of these faces
0	not very . none look familiar
1	Very. None look familiar
1	I'm fairly certain . None of the faces look familiar, but they all look slightly similar, so nothing stands out
1	looks similar. they look alike
0	not certain. I vaguely remember his face
1	semi certain. he looks familiar.
1	Very certain. I don't recognize anyone
0	I am only a little certain . The face looks somewhat familiar from the faces I saw previously
1	Very certain. I feel I would remember their faces or hair
1	very certain. none look familiar
0	Somewhat certain. Bottom middle does look familiar.
1	a bit certain. his hair and eyes are familiar
0	I am a little bit certain I recognize his face.. I believe I may have seen this man's face yesterday, I am not completely sure though.
1	Somewhat certain. I think I recognize that photo but I'm not positive.
0	somewhat certain. head shape and skin tone stand out.
1	I'm pretty certain, but I have some doubts. one of the faces looks sort of familiar, but not familiar enough to be one I saw in the exercise.
0	don't remember any of these faces.... Not really sure - I don't think any face from original lineup is here...
1	I'm pretty sure. I'm almost certain I haven't ever seen any of them either.
0	I am not sure its a guess. the hair and the blue eyes look similar to someone before
1	I am certain of my response because I remember him. I remember the way his hair was styled.
1	very certain. I remember his face
1	I'm fairly certain. He has the same neck as before.
1	Not certain none of them look like anyone I saw yesterday. I font remember seeing any of them
1	Not very. Nothing looks familiar
0	Not sure at all, seems vaguely familiar. . Because I'm unsure, but he seems faintly familiar.
1	Kind of certain. I believe this face to look familiar, like I saw it yesterday.
0	Not very certain as I don't think any of these faces were present. I do not recall any of these faces except the top left slightly but I'm just assuming it wouldn't be 3 not presents in a row.
1	very. not there.
1	somewhat. I believe I saw his face yesterday
1	moderately. his hair and facial hair
1	fairly certain. i remember that shape of face
1	Very. They aren't recognized.
0	not certain but no one looks familiar. no one i recognize
0	sort of. looks familiar
1	I am absolutely confident. I know he was in it yesterday because he looks like a mix of Kendrick Perkins and Kenya West.
1	pretty certain. i mean i think i saw him yesterday
0	font remember any of these. i cant remember any of these
1	I am not very certain, but he looks familiar. His hair,and eyes look familiar.
1	very certain. recognized face
1	very. Did not see him
1	I'm 80% certain.. I do not remember seeing any of these men.
1	positive. He was wearing a necklace in the original photo.
1	pretty certain. he looks familiar
1	extremely certain. I clearly remember him. He has the same expression.
1	Very. His face, lips, and hair.
1	very . because i font recognize any of them
1	Very certain. I don't recall any of these faces.
1	fairly certain. mi almost 100 percent sure i saw him
1	i think I've seen him. i think he had a different facial expression
0	sort of. He kind of looks familiar
1	pretty certain. looks familiar and other faces too distinct to not remember
0	I think I'm certain.. The hair and nose look familiar.
1	Completely. This person has a distinctive face
1	I'm confident I didn't see any of them yesterday. None of the faces look familiar to me.
0	Not very sure. This guy looks familiar but it could just be that they all look similar in race and haircut.
1	pretty sure nobody is here. I don't recognize anyone
0	pretty certain, although I'm not sure. The man in the upper middle seemed familiar in some features, but not others
0	Not certain. I am not certain if a person is not present
0	Not very certain. His expression looks familiar but not exactly his face
0	Maybe, not certain. I think someone with a similar face was shown, but not in this head position
1	very certain.. I do not recognize anyone.
0	I'm slightly positive. do not recognize any of these faces
0	somewhat. I do not think I saw any of these men
0	I think I remember him. his ears, his close together eyes, and his big chin.
0	I am not all that certain. The facial features look familiar. The eyes are very familiar. The facial expression seems different.
1	FAIRLY CONFIDENT. NONE OF THEM LOOK AT ALL FAMILIAR
1	The person has an oddly shaped head.. The person has and oddly shaped head compared to the rest of the pictures provided.
1	The person had much more ruddy skin complexion.. The person has a diff face and skin complexion.
1	Relatively certain. I remember the goatee and hair.
1	I am fairly sure.. He looks like one of the guys I remember, but his facial expression is different and so is his clothing.
0	Not really sure.. The top right might have been in the line up, but maybe not.
1	I am very sure. None of them look familiar.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
0	Somewhat certain. This one seems a lot more familiar than the others.
1	pretty certain. I don't remember any of these faces
0	i font think i recognize them. none of them look super familiar
1	I'm very certain.. I recognize his face very well.
1	moderately. no one rings a bell
0	Not very. He looks kind of familiar, but I'm not positive.
1	Pretty certain. font recognize anyone
0	not very. don't know
0	Not certain. I don't recognize any faces.
0	uncertain. looks familiar.
1	Fairly certain. Remember Eyes
1	Very certain. I remember him by the shirt he was wearing before
1	Certain. None of these men were present.
0	not very . none look familiar
1	fairly certain. none recognized
1	This face looks very familiar. I think he was smiling in the previous viewing session.. He seems familiar enough that I remember the facial expression.
0	Not positive. It looks like it could be one of the people, but I am not positive
1	very. Did not see him
0	I'm probably wrong.. I think I remember that dude...
0	somewhat certain. believe I remember the shirt they guy was wearing and also the facial hair
0	There are a few that MAY have been shown but I'm not 100% confident with any of them.. There are no people with features that stick out to me that I specifically remember.
1	somewhat certain. none of them look too familiar
1	Quite certain. No one looks like someone I have seen before.
0	unsure. I can't recognize anyone.
1	I remember the look he was making. The surprised look on his face
1	I remember a different person.. They look different.
1	somewhat. the features are not standing out to me, but can't be sure
0	not very. he looks familiar but shirt is different
0	Not certain at all. I seem to remember someone with this same exact haircut, but nothing else in the photo rings a bell.
1	I am fairly certain.. I don't recall seeing any of these people.
1	Fairly certain I don't recall seeing these yesterday. . I didn't feel like I recognized anyone.
0	fairly certain. the guy on the top left possibly
0	pretty certain. i don't recognize anyone
1	I'm fairly sure I saw this face before. I recall seeing a man with the same skin color and facial hair before.
1	Very Certain. I saw him.
0	I don't recognize any of the faces as familiar from yesterday. I just don't remember any of the faces or characteristics from yesterday
1	Eyes and chin seem right. That is normally how I remember people.
1	I think I saw this photo yesterday, but he was wearing a different color shirt.. I saw this person yesterday, but he was wearing a blue shirt or a dark color shirt.
0	I don't remember any of these people.. None of them look familiar
0	Don't know on this one.. Not looking like I've seen them.
1	I don't remember seeing any of the gentlemen in the above lineup, in yesterday's lineup.. I made my response earlier because I don't remember any of the guys above, specifically, from yesterday's lineup.
1	I am pretty sure I don't remember them.. Because I do not recollect seeing them before.
1	somewhat . his face and hair
1	I have never seen any of these people. I don't remember any of their faces.
0	not very sure. I think I remember those eyes.
0	not very certain. I don't remember seeing these men but they all look so similar
0	fairly certain. I don't clearly remember any of these facial features.
0	Fairly. Don't recognize anyone's face
1	i don't remember seeing any of these guys in the previous lineup. i don't remember any of their faces
0	Not too certain. The guy on the top-left looks familiar but I don't remember exactly
1	I do not recognize a face from earlier, I am fairly certain. I do not recognize any of the faces.
0	Not Certain. I can't tell if any of the faces look familiar
1	I am somewhat certain. His face seems very familiar to me
1	Identical to someone I saw. Identical to someone in the task
1	I'm fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of those faces
1	I remember him, very clearly, because I thought he looked a little like Prince. . Prince reminds me of this guy and I committed his face to memory because of it.
1	I do not recognize these faces. I analyzed what I saw and could not detect a familiar face.
1	Pretty sure. I remember his hair
0	Fairly certain. . I don't remember these faces.
1	Very sure. I've seen his face.
1	Half certain. He looks familiar, but so does one other person.
1	somewhat certain. this face looks familiar
0	the person looks familiar. the person's photo looks familiar so It may have been in the other ones
0	not very certain. He looks familiar but I'm not certain
0	doubtful. I remember him having a nice smile
0	not at all certain. they're starting to look the same, and I really have no memory of any of them
0	fairly certain. i don't remember seeing any of these faces.
0	somewhat. he looks familiar, but I am not sure
1	Fairly certain. I don't think I recall any of these faces.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these guys.. Because I don't recall seeing any of them.
1	somewhat certain. because i do not recognize any of these faces
1	Very. None of these faces is familiar.
0	Not very certain. He looks familiar but I don't remember the event of seeing him.
1	Pretty sure. I font recognize any of these people
1	moderately certain. most of the faces shown previously had smiles
0	NOT. NOT
1	I am fairly certain.. I don't remember any of those faces, but they are all very similar and feel common.
1	Very. None of these faces are familiar.
1	confident. eye brows and chin alignment make me certain.
1	Very certain. I remember thinking he looked like he was a 70s basketball player. He was wearing a tank top.
1	somewhat. He looks like someone I have seen before
0	Not sure. Don't remember
0	not too certain. Only a couple of these men did NOT seem unfamiliar, but I have no confidence either than I've seen any of them before.
0	I don't recognize anyone, but I am not sure. Faces don't look familiar
0	somewhat certain. i remember the face looking like one of my friends
1	I am 80% certain none were here.. I don't think I saw these faces.
1	Not very certain.. Definitely either bottom-left or middle-bottom. I can slightly recall the look on the guys face in the bottom-middle.
1	looks familiar. I believe I saw him before
1	I am very certain of this decision. The man has a very specific skin tone. His facial hair is also in a easy to remember pattern.
1	not certain. I am not sure. I am starting to get confused if I'm remembering them from the flashing line up or the previous line ups to see if I recognized people
0	not certain. way too many faces now to remember the first ones
1	I font remember seeing anyone . I don't believe any of these guys were in the photos.
1	very certain . don't remember seeing anyone in these pics
0	kinda certain. These guys are honestly smiling to much compared to the people i saw yesterday
1	very familiar. remembered
0	I do not recognize these faces.. I looked over the faces and don't remember them.
0	I am not certain.. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	yes. he had a mad face
1	I'm pretty sure I've seen this. . He looks really familiar.
1	Almost certain. I'm almost 100% certain I seen him.
0	Not that certain.. Don't remember face, again.
1	certain. same eyes and hair.
0	slightly confident. He looks familiar but I'm not confident
1	I am mostly certain. The hair is throwing me off and the slumming.
0	I'm kinda certain.. I think his mustache and facial structure look familiar.
1	Fairly certain. I think I remember his face/hair
1	I'm 80 percent certain.. None of these look familiar.
1	I am not certain. I am starting to confuse previous photos
1	Very very certain that he was in a picture earlier. His smile, and his hair look like mine.
0	Fairly certain. I don't recognize any of these faces
0	a little bit. big eyes
1	very certain. i think i have seen him
1	pretty sure. not the same look but the same face
1	I know for sure that he was one of the pictures from yesterday.. I remember his eyes and his hair.
1	I feel this response is accurate. I remember seeing this face
1	Very certain. I remember this guy because he looks like one of my friends.
1	fairly. he looks like one of my friends
0	I am fairly certain.. Because of his haircut and facial features.
1	Marginally uncertain. The first man looks familiar but I cannot place him from any of the pictures I saw.
0	somewhat certain. The smug look
0	UN shire. looks the same with the facial hair.
0	I am a little certain.. I don't have any information as to why I chose it, simply following my gut.
1	certain. his eyes were exact.
1	fairly confident. I'm not 100%
0	I'm not too certain.. A person I saw before could be in the lineup but if so, they look different.
0	Kind of . He looks very similar to one of the faces if he is not one of them.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these guys. I don't remember seeing any of these guys
0	I don't remember any of these faces.. None of the people pictured seem familiar to me.
1	100% Sure. Once again I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	I very certain.. I remember the chin structure.
1	Very certain. I remember the eyes and eyebrows.
1	most certain. This face jumped out at me mimed
1	I'm completely certain.. I remember seeing this man in the previous lineup. I believe he was smiling.
1	some. I feel certain
0	Not very certain.. Several faces look familiar to me. I feel like a few of the faces I could have seen yesterday.
1	somewhat. I don't remember seeing any of them before.
1	Fairly certain. No face jumped out at me as one I saw yesterday.
1	I remember his hair so i am very certain. Based on his hair
1	somewhat. I don't remember seeing any of them.
1	I'm pretty certain about my response.. I feel like I've seen his face before.
1	I don't remember any of these faces. I remember the color scheme but none of the faces seem to match
1	very certain. no one looks familiar at all
0	Somewhat.. This individual looks mildly familiar to me, but it is hard to tell.
1	Fairly certain.. I do not recognize any of the faces.
1	60%. I was told to
0	sort pf. font see anyone i recall
1	positive. I remember his mustache and brows.
1	A little certain. This person looks more familiar than the rest.
1	almost certain . looks very familiar
0	somewhat sure. None of the faces look familiar
1	pretty certain. I recognize the hair
1	medium. No one looks a little bit familiar
0	pretty certain i have never seen anyone here before. none of them look familiar at all
1	Pretty. Faces above are fairly unique and don't recognize them.
0	not certain. This one looked familiar
1	I am pretty certain. his eyes and his hairline are distinctive.
1	very. Just none look familiar.
1	somewhat certain. don't recognize any of them
0	sorta certain. The eyes look familiar.
0	I don't recall any of these . I don't remember them
1	Absolutely. I recall this picture due to the two acne marks on the forehead and the overall roundness of the face.
1	somewhat. I do not recognize any
1	Very certain. This face is familiar to me. Haircut, eyes, nose, and mouth.
1	quite certain. i recognize the eyes
1	very certain. same facial hair and bright blue eyes.
1	pretty sure on this one.. Unique nose.
1	certain. I remember his eyes very well
0	50/50. I think I remember his stare
0	I am only a little confident.. He looks a bit familiar.
1	Kind of certain.. I didn't recognize anyone.
1	Fairly certain.. I don't believe I have seen any of those faces before.
1	somewhat certain. I don't recognize any of the people
0	a little certain. I do not remember these faces from yesterday
1	95%. I remember his facial features
0	none look familiar. unsure
0	I am pretty positive. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
0	Not very certain. None of these jump out. The hair seems familiar.
0	relatively certain. I believe I remember seeing his face
1	somewhat certain. he looks familiar
1	I am somewhat positive.. The hairstyle looks familiar to me.
1	I'm pretty certain I didn't see any of these people.. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	somewhat. none of the faces look familiar.
1	I am very confident I saw this individual. . I remembered this persons nose because it reminded me of someone I know nose.
0	completely uncertain. I font remember any of them at all
1	I am certain there are no faces I recognize here. None of the faces here are familiar to me.
0	I am somewhat certain.. I don't recall any of these people.
1	I remember this man had on a gray shirt before and a necklace. The necklace was the trigger to the face
0	Not very certain. I think I recognize his facial features
1	Fairly sure. One of the faces is slightly more familiar than the others, but I think he just looks very similar to one I saw before, rather than being the same one.
1	Fairly Certain.. I think I saw him.
0	pretty certain. i don't think any of these men appeared before
1	just maybe. I remember seeing someone like him yesterday and thinking he looked like a jerk
0	I do not remember seeing any of these. . None of the above look like any person that I remember seeing.
0	no one looks familiar . no familiar faces
1	I am over half certain of seeing this choice. This face seems familiar regarding the previous study.
1	I feel fairly confident that he looks familiar. He looks familiar because of his facial hair and blue eyes.
0	Uncertain. I remember one having large ears
0	Still not certain. . I can not recall a specific face.
1	I am very certain I have seen this guy. I remember a good looking guy from earlier, and this is definitely him.
1	Fairly certain.. His hair and his face stand out to me.
0	Very uncertain. All have very smile features
0	I am not sure. He looks familiar, but his facial expression is different as are his clothes
1	Very Certain. I remember him
0	not certain. none of the faces stuck out
1	fairly. distinctive eyes
1	pretty certain i dint see any of these. none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
1	pretty certain. i don't recognize any of these faces.
1	I don't remember any of these faces. I don't remember any faces unless they've been altered
0	zero. zero
0	not at all. none look familiar.
1	Uncertain.. I don't remember any of the faces above.
1	Fairly certain. None of the faces triggered any memories
0	I am fairly certain that I have not seen any of these individuals. . I do not recognize any of these faces.
1	fairly certain. looks familiar, but the hair may be different.
1	almost certain. he looks very familiar
0	Not at all certain. Looks vaguely familiar, but it could just be due to remembering more happy expressions the first time through.
0	I am somewhat uncertain. He looks familiar based on facial features, but I can't be sure.
1	I'm pretty sure none of these guys were in my lineup yesterday. . They don't look familiar and I think I know which guy is missing that they are trying to look like.
0	somewhat. none of these faces look familiar.
0	he looks familiar. i feel like i have seen him before
1	i don't remember any of these. don't recognize any
1	pretty certain. did not recognize any of the faces.
0	I am half sure. I font remember any of those faces
1	somewhat certain. sort of looks familiar
0	It looks like the guy.. I think that is the guy.
0	Not very certain. I don't remember the facial expression
0	kind of. facial structure is kind of familiar.
0	Not very. . I think I may have seen that individual in the line up, but am not sure.
0	moderately certain. I don't recognize anyone in these photos
1	I am somewhat certain. I think because his clothing maybe changed.
1	Completely certain.. I remember seeing this face in the photos.
0	moderately sure. same face, different expression
0	maybe certain. looks familiar
1	relatively certain. He reminded me of a celebrity so it stuck
1	confident. none of the faces look familiar.
1	Do not remember seeing any of these people. . Do not look familiar
0	not overly . font recognize anyone
1	absolutely certain. I remember seeing this man because I thought he favored someone famous.
1	In relatively certain. He looks familiar.
1	i do not recognize anyone. noon looks familiar
0	i have no idea. because i have no idea
1	I remember seeing this face. it seems like I saw them when I did the last survey
1	Mostly. None of the faces looked familiar
0	I feel that this guy was seen before.. This guys face looks really familiar from the lineup.
0	not sure at all. none of the faces seem familiar.
0	not certain. because I'm not certain
1	Pretty sure. Don't seem familiar
1	quite. no familiar faces
1	I am pretty sure I saw him. I remember the nose.
0	fairly certain. remember the hair
1	almost positive. I remember his face
1	same no neck kid from earlier. just not smiling only diff
1	fairly certain. none of the individuals above are similar in appearance to the previous pictures shown
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
1	I am fairly certain.. I seem to remember the face, also the hair seems very familiar
1	I am very certain.. I remember his hair.
0	unsure. That face looks familiar but I don't know if he was in the lineup yesterday
1	very certain. The offset position of the eyes.
1	Pretty sure I don't recall these faces. None of these faces were giving me any inclinations that I've seen them previously.
1	i am absolutely positive. i remember his face
1	mostly certain. i believe i recognize the hairstyle and ears.
1	Fairly certain!. I do not recognize any of these specific faces.
1	60. i think i remember him
1	I saw none of them.. I am almost certain I saw none of the above face.
0	I'm a little bit sure I saw him before.. The picture I remember seeing of this guy, he was smiling, so I can't be sure if this is the same guy, but his facial features look similar.
1	very certain. none of the others looked familiar.
0	not very certain. I somewhat remember the hair.
1	I know this is him. He Looks like Kaye West.
0	not certain. i font remember
1	kind of sure. don't remember the faces
1	very certain. I know I saw the person before
0	very. none are familiar.
1	reminds me of a relative. reminds me of a relative
1	I believe I am sorta accurate. I am basing this one on the shape of his head and cheek bones
0	font know . font know
1	Kinda.. There were two white men who looked a bit like Kurt Cousins. Might be him.
0	about 20% certain. the eyebrows and jaw look familiar
0	I am pretty sure I haven't seen this photo before. He does not look familiar.
0	Somewhat certain.. I feel like this guy's face looks familiar.
1	not very certain. I think I remember this face
0	Not very. They may be familiar.
0	font think i have seen any of these. not present
1	completely sure. I remember his neck.
0	slightly certain. most of these faces seem new
0	somewhat certain. I think I saw him yesterday
1	eyes look familiar . eye color and shape
1	I am positive.. I remember thinking the guy looks like Kenya West.
0	Somewhat certain. No familiar faces
1	very. I don't remember seeing.
1	fairly certain. they don't look familiar.
0	not certain. The chin looks familiar
0	not very. his face looks the most familiar but I'm not sure
1	almost completely certain. Reminded me of a friend.
0	not very. Again, I think some could be familiar
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
1	very. I am certain that I saw him.
0	not very. every screen of these is getting harder and harder; they blend together
1	Very. His hair and eyes are unmistakable.
1	certain. they weren't pictured before.
0	Not very certain. Looks vaguely familiar
1	pretty certain. He looks very much like a friend of mine, so he stuck out during the pictures.
1	I don't recognize anyone.. None of the faces look familiar.
1	eh...i think so . face recognition
0	eh maybe 30. i am not sure if these are any of the kids
1	I am fairly certain. His eyes. They were very unique.
0	some. this one looks like someone
1	i am sure this guy was one from yesterday. he has the same eyes and nose
1	Fairly certain. I remember his hair
1	Moderately certain. His facial structure and haircut lead me to believe I have seen him before.
0	fairly certain. these faces don't look familiar
1	I am certain. I recognized his facial hair.
1	sorta. one of them might be from yesterday
0	Fairly certain. Facial features, Nose (bridge) Jaw line
0	A little certain. I believe I recall seeing that specific hair style.
0	not very. I feel the face is not exact however the expression is not either.
0	not very. sort of familiar
1	He looks familiar. He had prominent eyebrows and facial expression, he just looks familiar
1	Fairly certain. Again, I don't remember seeing any of these faces before.
0	not sure at all. i have no idea!
1	I would say 95% sure. Don't recognize any features
1	fairly certain. the cheekbones look familiar
0	Unsure. The more people I see the more faces I forget
0	I am pretty sure none of those faces appeared before.. I don't remember seeing any of those faces.
0	Moderately certain.. I don't see any faces I remember.
1	half sure?. his eyes seem familiar
1	almost positive. I don't recall any of these from earlier.
0	not very certain. I'm not sure if I saw any of these faces or not
1	Very. All look too similar to tell
0	vaguely certain. I just don't know. Maybe I saw him yesterday or maybe I saw him in earlier slides today and I getting them confused,
1	not sure. none
1	I am really sure on this one.. I remember trying to remember eye and hair color
1	I don't recall seeing any of these faces. I would remember these faces
1	In not really sure at all about this one. Some of them look familiar but not enough for me to say yes
0	Semi-certain. I think I saw him but the hair might have been a little different.
1	very certain. the neck bulges are the same.
1	Very certain.. His face is very familiar.
0	pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	a little certain. i don't recognize any
0	pretty certain. no one looks familiar
0	half certain. I think I remember this man's face
0	not very. can't be sure
1	I am a little certain of this choice.. He looks more familiar than the other photos. Something about the way he is squinting his eyes makes him seem familiar to me.
1	mostly certain. looks familiar
1	Fairly. None of the men seem familiar.
0	I am not certain at all. . I do not recognize any characteristics of these individuals.
1	Very certain. I remember clearly seeing him in the original photos.
1	I'm pretty certain. I don't remember any of them
1	not totally confident in my response. I recognize eyes and facial expression
1	almost. none
0	not very. i am not sure if this is the person i saw or not
0	fairly. Don't recognize anyone.
1	I remember the shape of his nose. I recognize both his nose and the shape of the head it's on
1	I am pretty sure not present . I am examining the photo and looking at eye structure, hair, jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday.
1	completely. i remember
0	A little certain. The main looks a little familiar.
1	very certain. Not there.
1	Very certain. The hair and eyes and face in general.
1	Pretty sure. It's not impossible that I saw one of them but I certainly can't remember it and I was trying very hard to burn them into my mind.
1	a little. don't recognize
1	I am fairly certain . His blue eyes and hair was memorable to me
0	I font recognize anyone.. None seem familiar to me.
0	no faces look familiar. no faces look familiar
0	I am not certain. The faces all look familiar to a degree, but none stand out to me.
0	very uncertain. vaguely familiar, might have been smiling in the original photo
1	fairly certain. I do not recognize any distinguishing characteristics of these people
1	I am certain.. I did not recognize any face.
1	somewhat. somewhat
1	Not sure. none stand out to me
1	I am pretty sure I saw him yesterday.. I am almost sure I saw him yesterday.
0	Not too sure. He definitely looks familiar but In not certain
1	somewhat. looks familiar
1	Very certain. I do not recognize any of these men.
0	I don't think I recognize anyone. None of the facial features of the people pictured look familiar
1	pretty certain. don't recognize any of these
0	not sure. he looks like my cousin, but I'm not sure if i remember him from yesterday
1	pretty certain. I don't recall any of these people being in the line up
0	not very. i am not sure if this is the person i saw earlier
0	i think i am right. none look familiar
1	I am absolutely certain. I have seen this person in the previous photos; I remember his eyes, especially.
1	I am almost certain none of these look familiar. non of them look familiar to me
1	pretty certain. font recognize them.
1	I am certain. none look familiar.
0	Not very certain. No features stick out OT me as being familiar
1	pretty certain. his hair and neck look familiar
0	slightly. none of these faces look familiar.
1	I'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before. . I feel confident about saying I'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before.
1	certain. don't recognize at all
1	Certain. His eyes, his smile, his chin.
1	very sure. none look familiar at all
1	fairly certain. I remember the facial hair - shirt is different.
1	I recognized his hair. His hair and eyes
0	not very certain at all. he looks a little familiar
0	Not very certain. His bone structure in his face is familiar, I also recognized he was slender looking, maybe tall.
1	50 percent certain. I remember the ears on this guy. The bottom part was very thick and big
1	I am certain I did not see any of these men. None of them look familiar to me.
1	fairly. I think I remember his photo because it kinda stood out to me at the time because of his expression
1	i recognize this man. i thought he was slightly attractive
1	Do not remember any of these face. None looked similar
1	no one looks familiar. no one looks familiar
1	I don't recall any of these. I don't recall any of these
1	certain. pretty sure
1	completely certain. I remember the hair and goatee
0	fairly certain. don't recognize any faces
0	Maybe.. I don't really remember too vividly.
0	Not so sure. The hairstyle and overall facial features look familiar
0	Not confident at all. I feel like I have seen this man before but I'm not sure
1	fairly. none of them look familiar.
1	I'm only somewhat certain. None of these faces stick out.
0	not sure. I few look vaguely familiar, but I don't remember them.
1	100%. recall him
0	a little. This person looks familiar to me, I am not sure though
1	70 percent certain. I remember his chin.
1	mostly. I'm less certain now actually
1	fairly certain. no one looks familiar from the previous survey
1	I can recall him exactly. His facial features helped me ID him
0	not certain. He looks like some of the others I remember seeing
0	not very. font recall these people from photos
0	Taking a wild guess. Not sure whether I saw him or not
1	pretty certain. he has on a different shirt on, and a different expression that I remember
1	Pretty certain. I think I remember seeing his face.
0	I am a little bit certain, I thought he looked like the son of another guy on here.. I'm not totally sure, but he reminds me of another picture's son.
1	sort of. nose, lips.
0	Pretty certain. I think I remember seeing his face.
1	I'm fairly certain.. I seem to recall the cheek bones and hair cut.
0	Just Not Sure. I do not recognize them.
0	slight. they look different
0	A little certain. There is something familiar about this face.
0	I cant recall any of them . very unsure
0	not very. maybe familiar
0	A little certain.. That face looks familiar but I'm not sure I saw it yesterday.
1	I don't recognize any of them. I don't think I have seen them before.
0	not super certain. none of them look familiar.
1	certain. don't notice any
0	My choice is uncertain. . None of the faces in the line up feel familiar. I don't feel confident any of the faces I saw before.
1	I'm not very certain. . He looks similar to a face I think I saw.
1	About half. I remember the eyebrows
1	Kind of. Nobody looks like anyone I've seen.
1	Very certain. The face in its entirety looks really familiar
1	somewhat certain. I do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period.
1	I do not recognize anyone in the pictures. . Nobody appears familiar to me.
1	semi. thought about top middle
0	Not very certain at all. none of these men look particularly familiar.
1	very. I remember because of his hair and the weird part
1	mostly sure . I do not recognize any of these faces.
0	somewhat certain. none of them look familiar
1	pretty sure. i font recognize any of them.
1	Unsure, this isn't so easy. 1 or 2 look vaguely familiar but nothing comes to mind.
0	a little. i recall his dark cheeks
0	I'm not very certain. He looks familiar.
1	Semi Certain. i think he is the one I thought was attractive so In pretty sure I remember him
1	Very certain. I don't recall any of these faces.
0	I am fairly certain. They look similar to one picture I saw yesterday, but I'm unsure
1	I'm fairly certain. this person seems to have the same nose and eyes as someone i saw.
1	Dint see any of these guys. Not familiar
1	positive. I saw his face in face survey yesterday
1	fairly certain. he looks familiar
1	Very sure.. I remember the eyes this gentleman had in the original. Hair is a little similar as well.
1	I don't recognize any of them and I'm sure. I don't recognize any of them, none of them gave me that feeling of recognition
1	In very certain. I remember a guy who looked like Kenya West, this is definitely him.
1	Fairly certain. The face shape was similar to one of the men from before.
1	pretty sure. i think i remember him
1	FAIRLY CERTAIN. THE EYES AND MOUTH
1	moderately. looks familiar
1	Moderately. Think I remember his face from yesterday
0	I don't think I've seen any of these people.. The person in the top-left looks the most familiar but I'm not too confident.
1	certain. same guy
0	I am not certain on this one.. He just has a familiarity to him.
1	I'm pretty sure about this one.. I really don't recognize any of the faces.
1	I'm pretty certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	pretty certain. looks familiar
1	I am 80% certain. . I remember the shape of the head. It stood out to me yesterday.
0	not certain at all. can't find familiarity in these faces
1	no present. I font remember any of these faces.
1	fairly certain. i remember the head and facial hair. wast he smiling before?
0	I don't recognize anyone. I am not certain.. None of their faces are familiar.
1	I am very certain. I remember this guy because he looks like someone I know in real life and I made the association.
0	I am not certain I saw this person. This person looks slightly familiar but then again he doesn't.
0	kind of . Jaw line seems familiar
1	Confident. I remember this person
1	Fairly sure. I recognize the neck and mouth.
1	I am quite certain. I know that I didn't see any of these faces before. I don't remember seeing them.
0	none of these faces ring a bell. No one looks familiar from yesterday
1	Fairly. Don't recognize any face but the red sweatshirt is throwing is.
1	I am almost sure that he is not in this lineup. . None of them look familiar.
0	unsure. can't remember
0	Certain. Do not recognize any of the faces.
1	Very certain.. The hair.
0	a little. he looks familiar, this is a lot harder than I thought it would be!
1	unsure. I cant really tell if any are familiar
1	very. eyes, nose, facial expression.
0	fairly certain. None of these faces look familiar.
1	about 60 percent sure that I have not seen any of the photos above.. I don't remember these pictures.
1	I believe he looks familiar. He looks familiar because of his hair and eyes.
1	Extremely. I'm positive
1	certain. none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
1	I am mostly certain. No one seems familiar.
0	not too certain. one person looks a little familiar but not enough for me to pick them
1	I am pretty sure I saw him yesterday.. I think he was smiling more in the picture yesterday, but I believe it is the same person.
1	None look familiar. None were in the task
1	I am certain. I haven't seen any of these men before.
0	not sure. I don't recognize anyone offhand
0	4 out of 10. unsure
1	very sure. looks like a amour rapper
0	very. he had a little bit of a second chin going on
0	kind of. remember the eyes
1	very. i couldn't be sure so i couldn't just pick one at random
0	not very certain. he has a different expression, I believe he had a wide eyed look yesterday, but he looks kind of familiar
1	I am fairly certain.. None of these faces jump out to me like I have seen them
0	uncertain. I'm not sure
0	Fairly certain, however the bottom middle I may have seen yesterday. . I just don't recall seeing this yesterday. Most of the white men had blue eyes.
1	I am 100% certain that this man was one of the pictures that I saw.. I remember his eyes and the way that he held his head.
1	Fairly Certain. Don't recognize face
1	Slightly certain. His face looks familiar. He has stronger features.
1	Quite certain. None of these guys looks very familiar
1	pretty sure. his cool hair and recognized him from before
0	Not very certain. I feel like I've seen him before
0	very certain. do not recognize anyone.
0	not certain. this face looks familiar, but I'm not confident that I've seen it before.
0	unsure. One looks familiar, but I don't remember the facial hair
0	Not very. The more I look everyone is starting to look similar, some of them I know for sure weren't there but others I am on the fence about
1	certain. not recognizing any of the faces.
0	Not certain.. I don't recall any.
1	I think I am correct.None of them look familiar.. None of the men look familiar.
0	not very. i have a vague feeling that I saw this person, but it is not strong
1	pretty certain. I don't remember seeing any of them before
0	I feel I have seen this face before. The face I selected felt familiar to me
0	not at all certain. they're starting to look the same, and I really have no memory of any of them
0	I'm not certain, but I don't think I saw them. I don't recognize any of their faces
1	very. did not recognize any of the guys as being in the line up.
0	fairly certain. I do not recall any of these faces
1	I am very certain.. I said I was very certain because I remember making a comment about the how the person looks attractive.
1	Very. I remember he had a gold chain
0	certain. hes not there
0	I am slightly certain about this one. . I remember this individual's hair.
1	I am fairly certain. I remember his eyebrows
1	pretty certain. I don't remember any
0	Not at all. changing the facial hair and clothes and I don't know what I know.
0	I am not entirely certain. They look different when not smiling or in different clothing.
1	very certain. i remember this man from the previous images.
0	not really. face shape
1	100% sure. remember face
0	I think I saw him before. He kind of looks familiar
0	Not to sure to be honest.. I'm not to sure but i made a guess based on his facial features mainly his cheek bone.
1	65. they all look similar
0	Slightly certain. I font think I have seen any of their faces before
1	50% sure. he didn't show up often on the line up but he looks familiar
1	quite certain of my selection. facial recognition.
1	Pretty sure. I don't recognize any of these faces at all, except the top right one, which seems familiar.
1	I'm pretty certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Very Certain. I do not recognize anyone.
1	Fairly certain. Don't recall seeing these people before
0	50%. This person looks familiar.. They just seem familiar. The images all seem different from the images i saw before though.
0	The eyes and hair seem familiar. The eyes and hair seem familiar.
0	Not certain. . I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	certain. b/c i didn't see them before.
1	Fairly certain. His expression, his eyes nose and lips align in a certain way that looks very familiar. His bone structure in his face.
0	Somewhat sure. The way his head is angled
0	not very. no one stands out
0	not very. nose looks familiar
1	Very certain. Recognize the face
1	I am very confident. I remember him by the way his head is turned down and to the side a little
1	pretty sure. i remember
0	very uncertain. I don't recognize anyone
1	Pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	I am somewhat certain. I remember this mans lips and eyes
1	Fairly certain. None look familiar
0	somewhat. i can't recall
1	Mostly sure. The curvature of his neck
0	kind of certain. They font look familiar.
0	Not at all. I think I saw him but I am not sure
1	100 percent sure. i remember his whole face
1	I have never seen any of these men. . I haven't ever seen them.
1	A little bit.. He seems to have a more memorable expression.
0	I am a little certain.. I do not recognize any of the images.
0	slightly certain.. I don't remember any of the above faces.
1	pretty much. i font recognize anyone
1	somewhat certain. i think i remember that beard style
1	pretty certain. none of the previous faces are present
0	mi not sure. they look the same
1	not really certain. I think I saw this person
1	unsure. several of them have familiar features, but none look totally familiar
1	I am completely certain this is the guy. When I first saw him, I noted that he looked like my friend's significant other.
1	kind of sure. none of these faces look familiar.
1	Confident. No one looks familiar to me
0	Not very. I don't remember any of the faces from yesterday.
1	Just a little certain. There are some that sorta make me think of someone but not for sure
1	Pretty certain. None of the above men look like the ones I saw yesterday
1	don't recall any of these. don't recall any of these
0	somewhat certain. two of the pictures look somewhat familiar
1	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize them
1	Moderately certain. I do not recognize any of these faces.
1	not completely. only one seems similar.
1	pretty confident. looks like one of the previous photos
1	mi pretty sure. i recall the hair cut
1	It's getting increasingly difficult the longer I am removed from the slide show, but I'm 60% certain none of these guys were in it.. No one in this line up has the facial features of anyone from the slide show. At least, I don't think so, anyway.
0	not at all. i don't recognize them.
1	VERY ACCURATE. HE LOOKED LIKE CRAIG ROBINSON THE ACTOR.
0	not very certain. one of the guys kind of looks familiar, but not enough to choose him
1	100. remember him
0	NOT VERY CERTAIN. CAN NOT DETERMINE
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these faces before
1	quite a bit. i remember this individual
1	Kind of certain. His bushy eyebrows
1	pretty certain. the color of his eyes.
1	Somewhat. None of these faces look familiar
0	not very . none look familiar but I have no idea
1	not really certain at all. familiarity
1	I am fairly certain I have not seen any of them before. None of them match the features of the people I saw before.
0	i think i saw him. i may have saw him earlier
1	certain. his fro
1	Not too sure. I believe I saw him yesterday but a different photo
1	Fairly. I feel like I didn't see any of them yesterday
1	pretty certain. i think i remember
0	kind of. stubble and hair cut.
0	I am a somewhat certain. The facial features seem familiar
1	I am somewhat certain.. I don't know if I saw this person.
0	not sure. looks slightly familiar
0	font know . font know
1	Somewhat. I don't recognize them
0	Not certain.. I am just unsure if any of them are faces I have seen before.
1	unsure. Nothing sparks a memory
0	I'm really not too sure, but I don't remember any of those faces.. I don't remember anybody, but I could be wrong.
0	Not certain at all . Don't recognize any of the faces
1	I am not very certain. His eyebrows look familiar.
0	a little. He looks familiar to me, I am not sure
1	very certain. He looks like Kenya West
1	Very certain. Don't recognize any of the faces.
1	I remember this man. I remember his faro and big eyes.
0	Not certain at all. I cannot remember if I have seen any of these men.
0	Not very certain. None look very familiar
1	certain. his face shape is very distinct
0	somewhat certain. I kinda remember that face
1	I am slightly certain that this man was present.. His lip size, and the size of his eyes I think I saw in the lineup making me believe he was present.
0	Somewhat certain. This face looks slightly familiar, but I am not certain if I did see it prior.
0	no familiar faces . no faces look familiar
0	I am a little certain. He looks like someone I can somewhat picture.
1	80. His face looks familiar
1	completely certain. it's the exact same picture even the background is the same
1	somewhat. no one looked familiar
0	i don't remember any of these guys. i can't recall any of these guys faces
1	I don't think I've seen these faces.. None of these faces seem familiar to me.
1	Somewhat certain . Don recognize
0	50 50 . I font remember any of those haircuts but the one on the top right COULD be someone I saw before In not 100 percent
1	I'm pretty confident I remember his mug shot.. His face, features, and hair style
0	Moderately, wouldn't bet money on it. I THINK this guy looks familiar but I am definitely not positive.
1	0%. Still blended together, looking for a specific mugshot of previous person.
0	not sure. his eyes seem familiar
1	VERY CERTAIN. HE STUCK OUT TO ME BECAUSE HE REMINDED ME OF AN ACTOR
1	almost certain. I think I remember seeing him.
1	I'm pretty certain.. He seems recognizable because he looks like my brother and I believe I remember that from yesterday.
0	somewhat sure. Just a guess font remember any specific details
1	Pretty sure. I don't recall seeing any of those faces.
1	confident. none look familiar.
0	Not certain at all. Nothing sticks out to me
1	In pretty sure I saw this individual. His face and hair look very familiar
1	50. i think i remember him
0	Not too certain. None of them strike me as familiar, but not sure
0	some. no familiar faces
1	very certain. None look familiar
0	somewhat. just seems familiar
1	certain. I do not see any recognizable facial features
1	completely certain. i don't recognize the features of the examples shown.
0	Somewhat certain. Kinda looks familiar.
0	Not certain at all.. Again, I am just going off of the most familiar face on the board, but it is just a guess.
0	Slightly certain . I think I remember his pointed head.
0	None of these guys look familiar . No one looks like someone I had seen before.
1	His facial features look familiar. I think he was smiling before but his nose and eyes look familiar
0	I'm not certain at all. There were a lot of people yesterday and i don't remember a lot of the specific characteristics
1	certain. not up there
1	completely certain. I know I saw that person before
1	Very Certain. His face reminds me of this drugged out guy I used to know in high school. I remember his picture in the previous faze because of that.
1	I'm positive this person was in the lineup. I remember seeing this guy yesterday. He looks like a generic Christian Bale.
1	i don't recall these faces from yesterday. None of these men look familiar
0	I am not sure. I don't recall these men being there
0	Not so sure. This guy seems vaguely familiar, different camera angle
1	Fairly certain. I don't really recognize any of these faces from yesterday, so I am fairly certain
0	not very. his eyes looked familiar.
0	Not certain. No familiar traits
1	certain. not present
0	not certain at all. none of these jump out at me
1	positive. i font recall seeing any of these people
0	not very certain. looks familiar but I'm unsure.
0	kinda sure. he looks a bit familiar, but I'm not certain
0	a little certain. The hair color and facial shape are similar to someone I remember
0	A little. I think I remember someone with a mustache and fairer skin.
0	not very. not one looks familiar
0	not sure. none of these look familiar.
1	Completely. I remember this face clearly as he reminds me of my husband's cousin.
1	Very certain. No one looks familiar.
0	Not certain. The eyes and brows look familiar to someone seen in the pictures
1	I am pretty certain. I don't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday
1	certain. recognized face
0	I'm only about half sure on this. Three different images look very familiar. These are familiar looking guys.
0	not very. he looks familiar.
1	75. the darkness of his skin
1	Fairly certain. He looks similar to someone I know, but I'm not 100% sure he was in the lineup
0	fairly. unsure
1	certain. I recall him from the pictures
0	not sure. I am not sure if he is in there or not. None of the faces look particularly familiar.
0	I am pretty sure he was in there. I am fairly sure I have seen this one before but not fully
0	I do not remember this person. . This face is not in my memory.
0	Just really not sure. Well he is distinguishable. The eyes, the birth mark on his cheek but they all look really similar to one another
0	Not certain. Guess
0	A little certain.. I think I might have see this person.
1	very. did not see in line up.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these men.. Their ears stick out and I would of remembered them.
1	very certain. his facial hair and features.
1	very certain. He reminded me of Kaye when viewing pictures
0	somewhat certain. None of the faces look familiar
1	I think his eyes are the same as another. I used his eyes to determine
0	Slightly certain. I didn't see anyone that looked familiar.
1	so so. seems familiar
1	certain. Looks very familiar
0	not certain at all. He possibly seems more familiar than the others.
1	About 70% certain. I remember seeing him yesterday
1	This is the second time Ice seen him. His neck and jaw are familiar
1	I'm pretty sure.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	I did not see any of these men. The shape of their heads stand out to me as odd and I remember the shape of the people's heads.
0	Fairly certain. I think I saw that guy but not sure totally.
1	Somewhat . I don't remember the face
1	certain. i remember him
1	I am going with my gut instinct but not certain.. He has a nice smile and face and I think I remember him.
1	Somewhat. He looks familiar.
1	Pretty sure.. None of them match up with the people I saw earlier.
0	Not certain. Looks are conceiving
1	Somewhat certain . Looks familiar
0	Slightly certain. None of these men look familiar.
1	I don't remember these faces. I have never seen these faces
1	I'm extremely certain about seeing this face.. I feel confident about saying I'm extremely certain about seeing this face before.
1	I'm mostly certain. The face seems familiar, but different shirt.
1	Not that certain. He looks similar, but without the gold chain and earring. I feel like I've seen his face.
0	I think I remember him.. He looks familiar.
1	Same a last, I don't recognize any of these faces as they may look similar but not to my recollection.. I don't recall any of these faces as they seem to similar to me.
1	I am slightly confident, but not very confident.. The nose seems to be the feature I remember.
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember any of them.
1	Certain. Not familiar at all
0	Not very certain . No one sticks out to me
1	very certain. I remember him
1	very sure. I have not seen any of these faces.,
1	sure. font recognize anyone
1	Positive. I remembered his face because of his 90s era flannel shirt
0	Somewhat certain. I feel like I've seen this face before in yesterday's lineup
1	Kind of certain. This man has a part of his eyebrow shaved, which looks very familiar. So does his face shape.
0	Somewhat certain.. I think it might be strange angles to I can't tell.
0	Not sure. They all look so similar to each other, I just can't tell
0	Not very. None of these look familiar to me
0	not totally certain. i don't recall any of these faces
0	Certain. I don't recognize any of these faces
0	not very certain. the hair reminds me of a mugshot I saw
1	very. he looked similar to p diddly
1	I do not recognize any of them. . I do not remember them from yesterday.
1	kinda certain. His weak chin looks familiar.
1	semi certain. none of these guys look familiar to me
0	Somewhat. The hair is different from the original picture
1	Fairly certain. I don't believe I saw any of these faces yesterday
0	Not very sure.. I think I may have a memory for this face, but I don't know.
1	Certain. I don't remember any of these guys.
0	not very. can't tell
0	In not. I font recognize anyone
1	pretty sure. thought about top middle
1	pretty certain. none of the men looked familiar.
1	Extremely Certain. I don't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability.
1	pretty sure. I don't remember any of them
1	quite certain. none are recognized.
1	Fairly certain. His face seems quite familiar. The angle of the jaw perhaps.
0	I think I remember seeing him. I'm only very slightly sure.. He has a big head so I think that's him.
1	fairly sure. don't think I've seen any of them
1	looks familiar...his chin dimple was memorable but different angle of face. He looks like the guy shown earlier.
1	certain. i remember seeing his face and saying he resembles Kenya west aha
0	Somewhat Certain. I don't remember any of them.
1	I am pretty sure. He looks like a character from an old sitcom I used to watch.
1	very. no recognition.
0	not certain. no one looked familiar.
1	Fairly sure.. I don't recall seeing any of the individuals previously.
0	kind of certain. i think i remember that face
1	I am certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these men.
0	A little bit sure.. I don't recognize any of the faces, but they are starting to blur together a little bit.
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	I am confident in my choice.. I don't recall seeing any of these pictures.
1	I am almost 100% certain that he is not in this lineup. . None of them look familiar, though the one in the top right corner reminds me of a photo.
0	I'm much less certain about this one, but the face in the middle top is vaguely familiar. . Something about the shape of his eyes makes this face feel familiar but I am not certain at all.
0	I am somewhat certain.. He looks familiar, and could have been one of the men in the photos yesterday.
1	He looks kind of familiar to me. . His facial structure is familiar.
0	Not very. Some look vaguely familiar, but I can't say for sure I've seen them.
0	not very. no one looks familiar.
1	Very certain. The face looks very familiar to me.
0	Not at all certain.. I am not certain because none of them seem familiar.
1	certain.. I saw him.
1	I remember his face, 100 percent. His jawline and his face are the same
0	not certain. can't remember
0	Not very . None of these men look familiar but I'm not very certain
1	Very certain. His face and eyes
1	fairly certain. I recall the facial hairstyle coming up briefly.
1	None look familiar . I font think I saw any of these yesterday
0	I'm not certain at all. I just don't recognize any of the faces but also don't feel like they are all new
0	a little certain. he looks a little familiar
0	Pretty certain. I think i have seen this face before.
1	Pretty certain. I remember him
0	I'm pretty sure none of these guys were in my pictures yesterday. . I don't remember many of these guys.
0	not very certain. not sure about the faces
1	I'm not too certain but I think I remember this person. He looks like he was in the study
1	Very. I remembered him because he looks like someone I know.
1	some certainty. One looked like a frat boy
1	Very certain. No one looks familiar.
1	pretty certain. I recognized him.
1	fairly. I recognize the shape of his face
1	I am certain.. I remember the facial expression and tint of his eyes that caught my attention
0	not very. I may have seen him
1	quite certain. i don't remember these faces
1	i cannot recall seeing any of these men before. i do not recall these faces
0	These faces don't look familiar.. I don't remember any people who look like this from the previous study.
1	certain. Good memory
0	not that certain. i don't remember any of these faces.
1	Fairly certain. Remember a similar strong face from yesterday
1	VERY CERTAIN. HAIR
0	not at all certain. I can't tell if any of the faces look familiar
1	pretty sure. he looks familiar
1	very certain. no faces i have seen
0	I am not sure but I seem to recall this face. I think I saw that scar on his face before
1	I am mostly certain that none of these shots were the previous lineup.. I made it because I was asked to.
0	not certain. I don't recognize anyone
0	Not very certain. The one selected looks vaguely familiar.
1	fairly certain. looks familiar from yesterday
0	not very. the man looked a little familiar but i am not certain of it.
1	i can remember his face. i am very pretty sure about this
1	In not. I font recognize anyone
0	pretty certain. remember him
1	Very certain. I recognize this photo from yesterday
1	i am absolutely sure. something about his eyes and eye sockets
1	Not very, but no one jumps out at me. I font recognize any of the faces
1	I am very certain. I distinctly remember this guy.
1	I am positive about this one. This guy looks like someone I know and I thought that in the lineup as well
1	Not completely certain. I sort of recognize him but not completely.
0	somewhat certain. i vaguely remember someone of darker skin with facial hair that I think was similar to this
0	not very. i font think i recognize them.
0	"Somewhat confident. I""m not sure if I recall seeing one of those faces or not. "
1	50. i font remember any of them
0	not certain. font recognize any of them
0	no certain. it kinda looks like one of the pictures but the facial expression is different
1	somewhat. facial expression is different
1	pretty certain. none of these look familiar
0	Mostly certain.. I don't think I remember seeing any of these faces.
1	positive. I didn't see them in face survey yesterday
0	Somewhat certain. . I remember the shape of this man's head.
1	I'm about 50% certain that I recognize this man. . I remember his hair and his face looks very familiar.
1	I'm almost certain he was in the previous lineup. i just remember seeing his face
1	fairly. same expression.
0	font recognize anyone. yes.
1	100 percent. his goatee is very familiar
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
0	not certain. I just don't recognize any of those men for sure
1	Absolutely certain. I remember this guy had a really goofy look on his face when I saw his photo in the sequence.
1	Fairly certain. His face and eyes
1	I feel pretty sure I would recognize these men if i were to see them again.. These men have memorable features.
1	I am fairly certain.. The face of the person looks really familiar,particularly the hair and nose.
0	moderately. i can't be sure
1	really sure about this one. i remember him from his eyes
0	not at all. two of these gentlemen seems familiar
1	Pretty Sure. I think I saw him
0	none of these guys look familiar. they don't look familiar
1	I do not recall any of these faces. Because I have no recollection of any of them
1	I know I saw this face yesterday. I remember seeing this person's eyes/forehead
0	Somewhat certain. This facial structure, complexion, and hair style reminds me of someone I've seen before. But not a striking resemblance.
0	Pretty certain. I font remember seeing any of these men
1	I'm sure. I'm sure
0	decently certain. no familiarity
0	Not certain. I don't recognize any of these people
0	not certain. I don't remember any faces
0	I am fairly certain these were not present.. None of them ring a bell.
1	Somewhat certain. shape of face and lips look similar to someone in the pictures.
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
1	Fairly certain. He looks familiar
0	somewhat sure. I don't recognize them, though 2 look slightly familiar.
0	I am fairly certain I have not seen them. I do not remember any of these faces.
0	not at all. they all have the same hair.
1	Pretty certain. I don't recognize any of the noses or eyes.
1	positive. I remember his funky facial hair.
0	pretty certain. his eyes.
0	I don't think I saw any of these dudes. I don't recognize all of them
0	Low certainty.. Can't recall any of these faces.
1	very . wasn't there
1	About half, no one looks familiar. Nobody looks familiar but I may have forgotten.
1	I am quite certain.. The mans face reminded me of someone yesterday so I recognize it today.
1	have not seen these. have not seen.
1	very certain. recognize face
1	very certain. I saw this guy earlier
1	Pretty certain. I font' remember anyone's facial expression.
1	very certain. clearly remember his face
1	somewhat confident. I think I saw him before, but I am not sure
0	not very certain. don't remember specifically.
0	Kind of certain. The veer of his facial features to the left seems familiar.
1	certain. I think I remember him smiling
1	somewhat uncertain. a couple of these face looked somewhat familiar because i thought they were attractive
1	A little certain. I do not recall any of these men
1	very certain. I remember seeing this face several times
1	pretty sure. I've seen this guy before.
0	kinda. kinda
1	Extremely Certain. I don't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability.
1	they don't look familiar. they don't look familiar.
0	not certain. no one looks familiar
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
0	very little. I think I recognize the facial shape and lips.
1	Some. None of the faces look familiar
1	very. i remember him
1	His eyes look familiar to me.. His eyes stand out, so I am pretty sure I saw him yesterday.
0	I am not certain. I am not certain
0	not real sure. none of them stand out
1	certain. really font remember any of the faces.
1	I recall seeing this face. this face felt very familiar and goofy
1	pretty sure . he look familiar to me
1	Very. I remember his eyes.
0	Somewhat Certain. He looks familiar, but unsure if he was in the original lineup
1	Fairly certain. These men don't look familiar.
0	not very. he looks familiar to one I remember.
1	Low certainty.. I don't recall seeing any of these faces.
1	fairly sure. none look familiar.
1	very certain. I remember his eyes
1	certain. remember the face
0	not very. I think I saw him before
1	Somewhat. None of these faces look familiar
0	pretty certain. his eyes.
0	Really not sure. They all look very similar, not sure
0	not much. don't remember well at all
1	somewhat certain. I font feel as though I saw any of these faces from before.
0	Not very certain. The man looks vaguely familiar, but I am not certain if I have seen him before.
0	None of the faces seem familiar. Do not recognize any of those facial features
1	certain. This person has a distinct facial expression that I think I remember from yesterday.
1	certain. I am positive he is familiar
1	fairly. I do not recognize any of the faces
1	I'm most certain I've never seen any of them before. None of them look familiar, and I think I would remember them.
1	Very certain. I'm sure I've never seen these people
0	Not very certain. I think I recognize his facial features and hair
1	I am pretty sure I did not see one of these guys in the lineup. . If I did, I don't remember it. I am not great with faces.
1	I have a hunch but it's not certain.. I feel like I remember this man but not 100%.
1	somewhat. don't remember seeing any of them
0	I font remember these. None of the pictures jumped out as if i had seen them before
1	I am about mostly certain I saw that man before. I recognize the wide dip under his noes, the part that forms the peaks in your lips. His is extra large and it looks like some sculptor used their thumb to make it.
1	I am 80% sure.. I don't recall any of the faces above.
0	50/50. I think I remember seeing this person
0	not really certain. No one looks familiar
0	I am slightly certain.. I think I remember seeing him.
0	50/50. The eyes and nose seem familiar
1	pretty certain. Boone looked familiar.
1	Can't remember seeing any of these people. None of these individuals look familiar
0	Not very certain. He looks familiar but I am not sure.
0	not very certain. this face and expression jump out at me as being familiar, but I cannot specifically place them.
1	100. Kenya west
0	not very. I can't recognize anyone.
0	not very certain. the shape of the head seems familiar, four of them don't seem familiar at all.
1	positive. I saw his face in face survey yesterday
1	fairly certain. his hair and ears look familiar
1	pretty sure. no pictures look familiar
1	Pretty certain. I recognize this guys face
0	30 percent certain. I think I saw him yesterday
1	fairly certain. no one looks familiar
1	I am almost certain I have seen this face. I recognize the facial hair.
1	I feel very confident. None of the faces look familiar.
0	not sure. font recognize anyone for sure
1	75%. he looks close to one of the people i saw
0	not certain at all. can't find familiarity in these faces
0	not certain at all. none of these are familiar
0	pretty certain, but not completely. i don't recognize anyone in the lineup for certain, but one or two seem slightly familiar, so i don't know for certain.
0	don't remember. not familiar
0	a little. i think i saw him
1	Fairly certain. I didn't recognize any of them.
0	not very certain. i think i remember the haircut of this person
0	Pretty certain. His eyebrows and eyes look like one of the men.
0	Somewhat certain. I think I remember seeing his face
1	The rest of them I would have remembered I think.. Looks familiar, would have remembered others.
0	I'm not. Nobody seems familiar, but I'm starting to forget who I saw.
0	I don't think anyone looks familiar, I am pretty sure. Faces don't look familiar
1	fairly. only one looked a little familiar but after looking at his face i do not believe it is the same person.
1	almost certain. i do not remember any of them
0	not very. there are a couple of faces that seemed like I had seen them previously but I am not sure, so I picked one of them
0	unsure. lighting
0	not at all. no one stands out
1	Quite certain. The patterns of facial hair displayed by the subjects above are very distinct from the images shown earlier, though the top center image looks vaguely familiar.
1	Don't remember them. I don't remember
1	fairly certain. I remember his face
1	I am fairly certain. None of these men look familiar.
1	I don't remember any of these faces. None of them stand out to me, I don't recall seeing these faces
0	not certain. I don't remember any of these men
1	I am mostly certain. . I am not totally certain.
1	pretty certain. hair, long face, mustache, wide eyes.
0	i font remember anyone. i font have a feeling on any of them
0	not sure. I can not say that I remember any of these faces off the top of my head
1	Pretty certain. they don't look familiar at all
0	Not certain at all. . I remember seeing somebody that looked kind of similar during the study.
0	Not very certain. At first I looked and didn't recognize any then he piped out. Not sure if I just convinced myself that he was in the pictures yesterday.
1	fairly certain. his features look familiar
0	not at all certain. i can't tell!!
0	I'm not. They look familiar and unfamiliar at the same time.
0	Fairly. I don't recognize any of the faces
1	Quite. This face looks familiar
1	60% Certain. A few look familiar, but I don't think they are the people I have seen so choosing not present.
1	fairly certain. kind of remember his face
1	extremely. there was a guy who looked like Kenya west
1	I'm very certain. The facial hair is distinct from the previous people.
0	Not very certain. I cannot recognize any features about these people.
0	I think I remember him.. The faces are beginning to look the same.
1	positive. i definitely remember him
1	Fairly confident I did not see these faces. I did not recognize any of these faces at all
0	I am slight certain. I picked him because his ears and mouth shape seemed familiar
0	Somewhat certain. The nose looks familiar
0	not sure. i can't be sure
0	i am not too sure . the page went sort of fast but i think he may match
1	certain. I remembered this guys hair
1	mostly. don't think I remember anyone here
1	almost certain. i saw him before
0	I'm not certain I saw any of them. I don't recall seeing any of them
0	SOME WHAT CERTAIN. MI NOT SURE IF I REMEMBER SEEING ANY OF THESE FACES
1	I'm quite certain I saw him. His eyebrows are memorable.
1	I know none of these men were in the lineup. The hair style the men have I do not remember any of the men having it.
1	I am certain of my selection. No resemblance to earlier seen person.
0	Not sure. Facial features look familiar, specially his beard style.
1	A majority of the white males in the photos that flashed were smiling and had lighter hair. Not one of these photos looks familiar.
0	unsure. i feel like I'm getting more unsure with each lineup
0	I am slightly sure that I saw his face. I am not certain, but his face looks familiar as one I may have seen previously
1	maybe. hair
1	Kind of . I think I remember his face but he might just remind me of someone I know
1	very certain. I do remember this face
0	I am pretty sure I saw him but I cannot be certain.. The smile and non smile is what I am finding very confusing.
1	I'm 80 percent certain.. None of these look very familiar.
0	Not certain. Don't recognize any of the faces
1	Moderately certain.. Seems like he was in the photos but not positive.
1	quite. no familiar faces
1	certain. these guys don't look familiar.
1	Very certain. I remember this guy's facial hair and his face shape.
1	very certain. don't remember any of these faces
0	Fairly sure. I remember thinking he looked like a caveman.
1	very certain. i remember that person
0	I think maybe it's one of the guys. I think he has a Kenya sort of scowl
1	I clearly remember him. I remember his beard.
0	fairly certain. All of these people have at least one distinct feature. I do not remember any of these yesterday.
1	Pretty certain. I thought he looked like a rap star
1	I am fairly certain. I know I saw him
0	not very. no one stands out
1	Pretty sure. I remember his hair
1	pretty certain. i recognize the neck and cheekbones.
1	50. I do not recognize any of these individuals
0	A little bit certain. He looks familiar, but I wouldn't bet on it.
0	font know. OK
0	25%. I was told to
1	I'm slightly certain. I'm not completely certain
0	Not certain. As the pages go on I thought I'd recognize at least one person but it seems that I don't so I'm second guessing everything
0	not certain. no one looks familiar.
1	fairly sure. none of these faces are familiar.
1	I'm pretty certain.. I remember the mustache
1	I am pretty certain. None of the faces look familiar.
0	Not at all certain. I vaguely remember the dude's eyebrows
1	"Mostly positive. I remember calling him ""tough guy"""
0	very. do not recognize anyone.
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember seeing any of the faces shown
0	A little certain. Something about this face is familiar to me
0	not positive. none look familiar
0	0. don't remember them
1	certain. I didn't see any of these faces
1	pretty. remember the goatee
0	a little. he looks a little familiar
0	His face looks familiar. I think Ice seen him
1	I am certain I have not seen these faces before.. none of these photos stand out to me in my memory
0	Not certain. None of the faces look particularly familiar
0	not very. because i don't know
0	not very certain. this gentleman has eyes that look very similar to one of the previous pictures, but I had really only noticed the eyes in the pictures earlier
0	very unsure. i do not recognize any of the faces
1	kind of certain. They all look very unfamiliar.
0	I have no idea. I feel like all those guys look the same
1	at least half certain. I dint recognize anyone
0	not very . i think i remember his nose
1	Very certain. No faces are familiar to me.
0	not very. i font know if i saw this person before or not
1	certain. I remember this one for sure
1	pretty sure. none are familiar.
1	I am certain. I didn't see any of these guys
1	Don't recognize anyone. None look familiar
1	50 percent certain. i remember a guy with very pretty eyes and short spiky hair like that
0	no idea. not sure
1	Pretty confident. Don't recognize any faces
0	sort of. they all look the same
1	somewhat. not 100% but nothing sparked when looking at the faces
0	not very certain. I don't recall seeing any of them
0	not certain. because I'm not certain
0	Sort of certain?. I do not recall any of these faces.
0	a little. one person looked a little familiar
0	maybe?. I don't remember seeing any of them
0	a little. i can't remember if I saw half these faces
1	very certain. He is not there.
0	fairly. no one seems familiar.
0	somewhat. no one looks familiar on on the list
0	Slightly. I think I remember this guy, but maybe he was making a different face?
0	About fifty/fifty. I don't believe I've seen any of them, but I wouldn't swear on it
0	looks familiar but not to certain . eye color and facial shape looks familiar
1	fairly certain. his hair and face shape looked familiar
1	very. I am beginning to believe none of these faces were in the lineup
0	I'm not certain. I feel like I remember that pose, though
0	Somewhat. Looks slightly familiar
0	I'm not certain at all, none of them look familiar. None of them look familiar.
1	certain. chin beard.
1	not very. his face looks familiar-is
1	Remember seeing this guy. Recognizable facial features, and haircut
1	The eyes look a little different but i am sure this was one of the photos. The eyes are familiar
1	The person had a different face. The Person had a different face and upper body shape.
1	Very. No one looks familiar.
1	quite. I am almost certain I did not see any of these faces.
1	CERTAIN. I AM CERTAIN THAT I DON'T REMEMBER ANY OF THESE GUYS
0	maybe. the eyebrows?.
1	I am pretty certain. None of the faces look familiar
1	positive. looks like Kenya west.
0	half certain. he seems familiar
0	Some familiarity. The expression
1	Slightly. I feel like I recognize the man I selected, but I'm not certain it was him or just a similar facial feature.
1	pretty certain. don't remember any of these.
1	Mostly certain. I do not recognize anyone face
0	not very. i thought one of them looked familiar, but when another of them looked familiar i realized i wast sure enough
1	I don't recognize any of those men.. I tried to match the images to one that I saw and can't think of a match.
1	65. I don't remember seeing any of these guys
1	pretty certain. i haven't seen these faces before.
0	50%. told to
1	I am positive. the red spot by the right lower lip.
1	Half and half. I think I remember seeing him or someone similar yesterday
1	Somewhat certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these people.
1	extremely certain. I had a best friend in high school that looked like this person so he was easy to remember.
1	Most certain.. None of these guys' face shapes and hair cuts look familiar.
1	pretty sure. do not remember any of the faces
1	sort of. no one looks familiar
1	very certain.. I recognize this one from the previous photos.
1	I am positive. I know I did not see any of these faces.
1	I am pretty sure I saw this kid smiling before.. I think I remember this face, but with a different expression.
0	not very certain. I did not recognize any of the faces.
1	obviously same guy as line up before word search. same chin and Adams apple plus the obvious eyebrow issue
0	not very certain but he looks familiar from yesterday but he was smiling then. the hair and the face are the same
0	not certain. font look familiar
1	Positive. Cannot remember.
1	He looked familiar.I am almost certain I saw him slightly smiling in the group of photos.. Black sweatshirt I think, only bottom teeth showing.
1	Very certain. I do not recognize any of them.
0	not certain. he seems familiar, but I'm not sure.
1	i did not see anyone of these people in the slide show. I did not see any of these people because most of the people in the slide show all had blue eyes and blonde hair.
1	pretty certain. i remember hair like that on a person yesterday
1	very certain.. same look in his eyes with downward head tilt
1	pretty. just no one is jumping out at me
0	somewhat. none of the faces look familiar
1	I'm pretty certain about my response.. The features look similar to the ones I've seen before.
1	No one looks familiar. I don't recognize anyone
0	not very. none of these faces come to mind
0	slightly certain. I may have seen this man
0	not very certain . I think I remember his expression
0	Fairly. Don't recognize anyone's face
1	I am 100% sure. . The face shape and face angle I am thinking of are not here.
1	Very. Looks very familiar
0	Not sure at all.. I don't remember the shape of head that these men seem to have in common.
1	Extremely. Did not see him
1	I am completely certain on seeing him in the slide show. i made the response above because i saw this face in the slide show earlier.
1	certain. looks like someone i know thatch how i remember
0	I think I remember seeing him. His mouth looks familiar
0	I'm fairly certain.. I don't recognized any of the faces.
1	I'm positive.. I remember his faro and his facial expression.
0	very uncertain but i think i have seen it. his nose
1	very. same as before
1	Fairly Certain. Eyebrows and facial hair
1	fairly certain. looks somewhat familiar as to seeing this face earlier
1	the hair . thatch how i remember him
0	Relatively. He seems familiar
0	a little. He just seems like I've seen him before.
0	good. looks familiar
0	Not really. Not really sure, but I think I remember this face
1	Pretty certain. I feel confident I saw the man on the lower right, because he has a distinctive mouth and jaw.
1	I am very certain. I haven't seen them before
1	I'm pretty sure.. This man looks familiar and I remember his mouth in particular.
1	very. totally new set of guys
1	100 percent. his eyes looked familiar
0	not certain. I don't recognize any faces
0	certain. maybe have seen him
1	certain . i remember his face
1	I think his face is familiar. His facial features are distinct
1	I've very certain. I recognize his face and haircut
1	Positive. He has a distinct face and it showed up often
1	Somewhat sure. Looks somewhat like someone I saw yesterday
1	certain. no one looks familiar
1	I am fairly certain. The shape of his face is familiar.
1	fairly sure. none of them look familiar.
1	Somewhat certain. Looks familiar
0	Not certain at all. His eyes and face shape stand out but his clothing and hair style do not match my memory
1	very sure. haven't seen any of these faces before.
1	I'm not very certain.. I tried to remember features, his hairline, and smooth face I recall from the line up.
1	certain. The pose of the model that is now different makes me wonder
0	not sure. font remember all that well
0	Pretty certain. I don't recall seeing these faces before.
0	I am fairly certain. No one in this lineup seems familiar to me.
0	not at all. I can't be sure
0	not ultra certain. I remember the hair but not the beard
1	pretty certain. recognize
0	not at all. out of context i don't recognize anyone
1	absolutely certain. he looked funny.
1	the don't look familiar. I don't remember them
1	I am almost completely certain that I have seen none of them before. They all appear quite distinct that I could easily recall if I had seen them before. Though the bottom right one seems vaguely familiar.
1	Positive. I remember his outline being distinctive (asymmetrical)
0	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize any of these faces
1	Slightly certain. He looks familiar
0	In almost positive no one in here has been seen. I font remember any of them
0	A little certain. I can't recall seeing any of them previously.
1	pretty sure. none of these faces look familiar
0	he looks familiar. he looks like i have seen him before
1	Very certain. I definitely saw the guy in the bottom middle. His facial hair gives it away.
0	the face seems a little familiar I'm about 20% confident. the hair and scruffy face look familiar as do the eyes
0	Fairly certain. He looks like a wide receiver and I remember a picture of another man who looked like a wide receiver.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
0	unsure. I can't remember all the faces
1	certain. don't recall the faces
1	certain. I did see this man yesterday
1	positive. all of these faces are new, none of them were from the ones that were shown previously.
1	certain. remember the weird goatee
1	do not recognize any of the face. do not know anyone above
0	50/50. looks somewhat similar but not entirely sure
1	certain. facial shape, hair, facial hair, lip shape and eyes.
1	Sort of certain. His ear and face shape seems familiar, but I'm not sure about the nose and hair.
1	I'm so so. not very certain. The eyes seem familiar to me, they are distinct.
1	Totally. I saw him
0	I am not completely sure.. again this face looks kind of familiar but part of me doesn't think so.
1	certain. he looks very familiar
1	Fairly sure. I don't think I've seen any of these men before.
1	Certain. facial hair was what I recognized.
1	Somewhat. His head shape
1	I am fairly certain that no one in these photos was here. I cannot- I just don't think they were present.
0	moderately. i feel like he looks familiar
1	Fairly. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	pretty certain . I think I remember seeing his face
1	I am very certain that this person was previously witnessed. I remember his face.
0	i am extremely uncertain . because i basically used process of elimination, i can't be sure if any of them were there or not...his just feels the most familiar
1	looks the same just different facial hair. mi pretty certain
0	I think this is the same guy as the picture of the man with the necklace. His eyebrows stand out
1	I am pretty certain this guy is one from yesterday's photos. the nose and mouth shape were giveaways
1	I think I saw him from before. I think yesterday when I saw the pictures he looked friendlier. This time he does not look as friendly but I still think I saw him from before.
0	Not very certain. I didn't recognize any of them but I'm not sure
1	Somewhat. Don't recognize any of them.
0	uncertain. I don't recognize anyone
0	I don't see anyone familiar. None of these men look familiar
1	Quite certain. i could say he's one of the persons i saw, i would bet on it
1	very. because mi not sure and would hate to pick the wrong one
0	looks familiar. feels like i saw his picture before
0	Not certain at all. . I just have a guy feeling that I have seen this person before.
0	Somewhat. Feel like recognize that one but not really sure
1	50. I font remember any of those faces
0	I'm not certain, but I don't remember seeing any of them. I don't recognize anyone's face
1	Fairly. He was in the line up
1	fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of them
0	not certain. they all look the same
1	i remember this man. i recognize this face
1	In confident this is one. His facial features and facial hair.
1	I'm 100 percent certain.. I have not see these faces previously.
1	certain. hes not there
0	I think I may have seen him smiling, but I cannot be certain.. I am really not sure--he is not smiling and he was in the original picture.
0	somewhat. a couple look a little familiar but I do not think they were pictured yesterday
0	Almost certain. . I remember thinking this guy looked like Kenya.
1	I'm fairly certain that I saw this person before.. I recall the expression and angle of the camera.
0	Not certain. his ears look familiar
1	These men don't have particularly memorable features.. difficult to tell because they are all plain.
0	I'm somewhat certain about this.. This man looks a bit familiar, but I'm not entirely sure.
0	Semi Certain. His nose size looks familiar
0	I'm not very certain but I believe I recognize the boys mouth and lips. He looks familiar. His lips and mouth.
1	certain. I remember that face
0	I'm a little certain. Again, some faces look a little familiar but not enough for me to say I've actually seen them.
1	mostly certain. None of the faces, particularly facial structure, looked familiar.
1	I don't recognize any of the faces in the line, so I am pretty sure I am right. I don't recognize any of the faces
1	I am 50% certain.. His face is most familiar.
0	font know. unsure
1	somewhat certain. eyes and eyebrows.
0	I don't recognize anybody familiar.... Not really sure - I don't think any face from original lineup is here...
1	I'm 100 percent certain.. I don't recognize anyone in this lineup.
0	kind of certain. his eyes seemed familiar, but I'm not sure
1	Very certain. I remember the hair.
0	10%. TOLD TO
1	Almost positive. I remember thinking that he looked kind of preppy and imagined what he could have done to go to jail.
0	not too sure . i think vie seen him before
1	I'm somewhat certain I saw him.. I feel like I recognize his face from yesterday.
1	Fairly certain. The eyes and hair match up to what I can recall
0	somewhat. I think I saw him before
0	Not certain. Don't recognize any of the faces
0	uncertain. Unsure if I saw any of these faces
1	pretty sure. I do not remember seeing any of these faces
0	30% certain. the eyes look familiar
1	i am sure that i have not seen any of these before. they have strong characteristics
0	I'm somewhat certain. I don't recognize any of these guys.
1	I'm certain.. I remember thinking he looked like Kenya West.
0	uncertain. The faces that flashed yesterday were very brief and I am not really sure what I remember
1	i don't recognize them.. looked at them and no one seem familiar.
0	slightly certain. I believe I saw him yesterday, but it may have been from a previous lineup today.
1	Fairly. Don't recall these people
1	Certain. I don't remember any of these guys, but they could have been in previous pictures.
1	somewhat. I think I recognize him
1	positive. I remember the hair cut
0	Not terribly certain. Looks like the man from previous slide
1	Very certain. I definitely remember his facial hair and eyes.
1	I am certain. . The guy I am thinking of looked kind of like Kenya West and none of these men do here.
1	Treaty sure . I remember the hair and eye shape
0	Slightly. His face feels familiar, and so does his haircut.
1	unfamiliar. Don think Ice seen them.
1	I do not remember these men. None of these men look familiar.
0	Uncertain. Not sure on this
0	semi. eyes seem familiar
0	Kind of sure.. Because he seems familiar, yet I'm not absolutely certain.
1	fairly certain. The hair and eyes and shape of head seem familiar
0	I am not very certain about these faces. the faces do not trigger any response
0	not sure at all. none
1	In pretty sure I dint see these guys. They look unfamiliar
1	pretty. font recognize any.
0	kinda certain. eyebrows
1	very. Saw him many times
1	pretty sure i dint see any of these. see above answer!
0	not exactly certain. everyone wearing the same cloths doesn't help
1	In about 88 % certain. The person has a dark complexion and diff head shape to the other pictured above.
0	Somewhat certain. The face looks familiar
1	I am only a little certain. His face looks familiar however he had a different shirt yesterday
1	I am very certain that this person was previously witnessed. I remember his face and beard.
0	I haven't a clue. The faces look too similar for me to say.
0	I am hardly sure at all. His face outline seems familiar and his eyes stand out as ones I have seen before.
0	I'm not sure if I saw him or not. his dour face looks kinda familiar
0	Kind of confident I didn't see any.. I think it may be because of the time since seeing the faces. Its hard to remember the features now.
1	I am very certain.. I do not recognize any of these faces so I'm certain.
1	Very certain. His haircut and face shape are the same. he looks just like one of the men from before.
1	Fairly certain. None feel familiar
1	somewhat. the hair
0	Not too certain. I don't really remember any of these.
1	I feel fairly confident but not absolutely certain. A lot of the white men in the photos yesterday looked pretty similar
1	certain. I don't remember seeing any of these gentleman previously
1	none of them. font see anyone familiar
1	I am mostly certain.. This face seems familiar but it may be because he resembles someone I actually know.
0	I am only a little certain.. None of the faces look familiar.
0	I'm barely certain, they're all similar. . I remember a white man that looked similar to the photo i chose.
1	pretty certain. he looks familiar
1	very. remember
0	somewhat certain. font recognize any details.
0	I think I recognize his facial hair and his hairline. I think I recognize his facial hair and his hairline.
1	Pretty certain I don't remember any of these faces. Nothing recognizable
1	I'm fairly certain it is not present.. The features of these people do not resemble anything I've seen.
0	None look familiar. None look familiar
1	fairly certain. do not remember seeing any of them.
0	I am somewhat certain.. I think I saw this person.
1	None of these faces look familiar. This is hard! None of these faces look familiar
1	pretty certain. he looks familiar
0	not very certain. I'm not sure if I saw this face
0	kind of. hair, long chin.
1	Fairly sure. None of the facial hair looks familiar.
1	pretty. this person had distinctively lighter skin and recognizable facial/head hair.
1	I remember the one with the lighter skin, and his picture came up a few times. Not really sure. I just remember seeing it a few times last night
1	He kind of looks familiar. Just his entire face
1	very certain. i remember his face
0	Kind of certain. Really not sure on this one, but I think this gentleman's face looks similar enough to a previous photograph that it could be the same person but I am just not sure.
1	Really certain. Don't recognize any of those faces.
1	positive. I remembered his face because he looks like a friend.
1	I'm quite confident. I believe he was smiling when I saw him yesterday
1	Very. It was one of the faces that showed many times so I remember it.
1	somewhat certain. I think I saw the person before, not I am not sure
0	Slightly familiar. He has distinctive eyes and a distinctive mouth. He seems somewhat familiar.
0	I am fairly certain I've seen him. He first caught my eye of being familiar
1	Fairly but not positively sure. I don't recognize any of these faces
0	Not confident. I don't remember any specific faces.
0	Somewhat certain. I am pretty sure I remember seeing this face
0	fairly certain. none of these faces look familiar
1	80% certain. This guy's eyes and chiseled face and long nose really, really looks like a guy from the initial slide show.
1	I'm reasonable sure.. That particular face is familiar to me. I strongly believe I saw him in the lineup.
1	half way certain. his face looks like one of the ones I saw previously
1	positive. Don remember seeing any of these people
1	certain. i am certain
1	90. I font remember any of these faces
0	I am not that certain.. My memory is already failing me. Face seems similar, but I am not sure.
1	pretty certain. This guy reminds me of my cousin, and I think he was present several times in the beginning.
0	He just looks familiar, I have no clue why, so I'm not very certain. . He just looks familiar
1	Fairly certain. I remember his odd expression.
0	not very. he looks familiar,
0	maybe. had a different look
0	not very certain. they are all looking up and have similar noses.
0	None of them look familiar, but I am very unsure. I literally don't know if any of them were in the previous line up
1	Pretty sure. I definitely don't have any specific memory of seeing any of these faces.
1	Certain. I've seen him before.
0	none of the faces look familiar. i do not feel i have seen any of these faces before
1	Very certain. I don't remember seeing any of them before
0	not certain. I don't remember any of these pictures
0	somewhat certain. looks like a guy on a previous photo smiling.
0	Sort of certain. Don't recognize the faces.
1	Don't see anyone familiar. I font notice any traits.
1	certain. no one is the same guy
0	Fairly. Don't recognize anyone's face
1	I am positive. I did not see any of these faces.
0	somewhat certain. font recall faces
1	Half certain. He just happens to look really familiar.
1	Pretty certain. I don't think that I saw any of these guys.
1	80% Not Present. I feel like I don't see the people from earlier.
1	Fairly certain. None look familiar.
0	40% sure, not entirely sure, but this person looks similar. hair and forehead, looks similar but not sure
0	I am only a little certain I saw this person,. I face seems vaguely familiar to me.
0	I am not certain at all.. I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	pretty sure. I don't remember seeing these faces yesterday
1	fairly sure. I don't recognize anyone here.
0	I am not positive I have seen any of these men. None look familiar to me.
1	mostly certain. font recall face
0	not very. he looked familiar but i am not certain.
0	I am not very certain at all.. Although I tried to watch carefully before, I do not think I will remember very well.
0	I'm not certain at all. The faces all seem new but as this test goes on I'm getting less confident in my responses
1	pretty certain I haven't seen any. one guy looks familiar, but i can't be confident enough to pick him
1	very. they font look familiar.
0	Fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these people.
0	I don't recall. I don't recall any of these men specifically
1	somewhat sure. The face I selected looked the most familiar
1	very. I remembered his facial hair.
1	I am moderately certain. One man looks kind of familiar, but not certain. I cannot say with certainty that I have seen any of these men.
1	certain. I font recall any of these faces.
1	extremely. I know I saw that face
0	Not very certain.. Looks familiar but can't accurately decide if this is the exact individual from before.
0	pretty sure again. font recognize those faces
1	Somewhat. Recognizable facial features
1	very. recognized the face
1	fairly positive. Looks familiar
1	fairly certain. face looks familiar
1	I am fairly certain. None of them spark a memory at all.
0	fairly certain. he looks similar to the third picture
0	Not certain. He kind of looks familiar.
1	I know I saw this man. I remember seeing him in a blue plaid shirt.
0	not very certain. i am not positive i saw him
1	I don't remember seeing any of these guys. I could be wrong though.
1	I do not recognize any of these combinations of facial features. same as above
1	Fairly certain. I don't recognize anyone, and I'm fairly confident none were in the lineup
0	seems familiar. looks kinda like someone
0	I'm not sure.... I think I recognize his haircut...
1	Absolutely positive. His face instantly jumped out to me.
1	fairly certain. i am pretty sure i saw this face before.
0	I'm not. I don't remember any of these people.
1	Extremely. Did not see him
1	Fairly certain.. I don't remember any of the above faces.
1	I am pretty certain. I remember his jaw line. I remember his jaw line and facial hair.
0	maybe. i think it could be him
0	not very. i font remember seeing any of these people
0	Not certain. I think he looks familiar.
1	I am very certain. I remember his wide face
1	totally certain. i remember this persons eyes and hair.
1	VERY ACCURATE. I REMEMBER HIS HAIR STICKING UP
1	pretty certain. the shape of the face, the facial hair.
0	not at all. I don't recognize their faces.
0	Not certain. looks a bit familiar
0	a little certain. he looks a little familiar
1	About half certain. I think I saw someone similar but can't be certain
1	I am quite certain. I saw this guy before, but he was smiling and wearing a black shirt
1	very certain. very certain i have seen him before
1	I'm maybe 80% sure.. No one in this lineup has the facial features of anyone from the slide show.
0	fairly. none look familiar
1	above average. none look familiar.
0	somewhat. His face looks familiar but the lighting and no smile made it hard
1	totally sure. I thought he was cute
0	not at all. I don't remember any of these faces
0	Not certain at all. His face looks the most familiar out of the options
1	I feel like I'm close to 100 percent certain. none of them look familiar
1	I'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces.. I feel confident about saying I'm extremely certain about not seeing these faces before.
1	I am pretty certain. He looks very familiar.
0	no very. i am not that confident in my selection
1	fairly certain. I think I saw him
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
0	Not very certain. I do not remember any of these faces.
1	Moderately. Thick neck and muscular features
0	not very certain. i can't remember this one as clearly
1	100. i remember the hair
0	somewhat. his face looks familiar
0	somewhat certain. seem to recognize the lips.
1	I am certain. I remember thinking he has an intense look about him.
0	not certain. no one looked familiar.
1	Certain. Eye shape and position, skin color, facial expression, Adams apple.
1	moderately. i think some look familiar, but they were on an earlier question
0	50 percent. I don't recognize any of their features.
0	not too certain. None of these men look familiar enough to me to make that call. There was nothing distinguishable in their faces that I recall from yesterday.
1	pretty certain. i think i recall seeing that face
1	certain. I font recall any of these faces.
1	I'm not 100%, I think the hair style is different.. The face looks familiar but the hair is different, maybe?
0	I'm not very certain.. The hairstyle looks familiar to me.
1	somewhat. crooked face
1	I am fairly certain I haven't seen any of those men.. I don't remember seeing anyone who looks like the men above.
1	kinda certain. none of the faces look familiar
1	I'm pretty certain. No one looks familiar
0	fairly certain. looks familiar
1	I am pretty sure I haven't seen these faces.. I don't believe I have seen the faces before.
0	Moderately certain I've seen that face before.. Haircut and facial features look familiar.
1	100% sure. I saw his face in face survey yesterday
1	Very. He was in the lineup.
0	not certain. I think it is really hard to tell with black people
0	Pretty sure. I don't remember seeing any of them.
0	kinda. he looks familiar to me. not sure if I know someone similar or if I remember him from the sideshow though
1	Pretty certain.. I think I remember seeing him.
1	totally. recall that face.
1	not very. one looks a little familiar
0	Not very certain. I know someone who looks like the guy I selected, so I'm not sure if that is why he looks familiar.
1	Completely positive. I was shown this image.
0	kinda sure. he looks familiar
0	I am quite uncertain. I feel like the face is familiar but cannot be certain
1	Looks prey familiar to a face in the slide show. I'd say I'm 50% sure. Maybe 60.. His eyes and mouth look a lot like one of the guys in the initial slide show.
1	I don't recognize anyone. No one looks familiar
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
0	not very certain but he looks familiar. His face shape and mouth remind me of a previous picture.
1	Probably. Looks familiar
0	not certain. I think I have seen him before
1	fairly certain. none look familiar
1	pretty certain. because i do not recognize any of these faces at all
1	I do not recognize these faces at all. Fairly certain.. None of the facial structures match my memory
1	don't ember seeing any of these faces. because i don't remember these faces
1	Mostly . None of the faces stand out to me
0	Not certain. The eyes and nose,
0	not really certain. I just don't remember
1	Somewhat certain. I didn't even vaguely recognize any of them
1	very certain. i font remember any of these faces from the line up.
1	Pretty. This one was pretty easy I don't remember seeing anyone that looks anywhere close to above.
0	I feel confident I didn't see any of them.. The ones I saw had different hair styles
0	not sure. think i remember that face
0	not certain. don't remember
1	very certain. because I've never seen any of these faces.
1	I am pretty certain this person was present. His eyes and head shape
1	I'm a little certain. He looks familiar.
1	Fairly certain. No faces are familiar to me.
1	fairly sure . his eyes remind me of one of the guys i saw
0	Not certain at all. It's hard for me to say because I feel like while these men may have been in photos yesterday their poses are different.
1	Not positive. One guy looks familiar, but I don't think its the same one.
0	I am not sure at all. These guys don't look familiar at all, but I could be wrong too.
1	Very certain.. I remember a man with an faro, but none of these guys look like the man I saw.
1	Not very sure.. He looks familiar, but I would not be willing to say I'm certain.
0	Not very. Just went with the one looking straight ahead, to be honest.
1	pretty certain. no one looks familiar
0	Not certain.. I can't remember these faces.
1	I did not see these men. I don't recall these faces.
0	Not very certain. None of these faces look familiar and it's even harder to know after seeing all the other lineups.
1	extremely. i remember him
1	Pretty sure. I don't recognize any of them.
1	I'm pretty sure. He looks very familiar and I picked him out pretty quickly. I think I've seen him before.
1	somewhat certain. I don't recognize the faces above.
0	Not too sure. His face seemed slightly familiar.
0	not very. not sure
0	semi . none look familiar
1	very. None are standing out as people I recognize
1	CERTAIN. I DO NOT SEE ANYONE I HAD SEEN PREVIOUSLY
1	pretty sure. the goatee, eye color.
1	I'm rather certain that none of these men were in the initial slide show; maybe 75%.. No one in the slide show had facial characteristics of anyone in this lineup.
0	Not very. He looks the most familiar.
1	very. i remember the haircut
1	In not confident. I think I remember seeing someone who looked like him but not frowning
0	a little. I think I remember his smile, but I'm not confident about it.
1	fairly. I don't recognize the face
1	somewhat. Looks similar to an image i saw
0	unsure. someone had similar eyes but i font know if its the same person
1	I am absolutely certain about this one. I remember this guy's face clearly. In my head, I said that this guy looked like a heavier Kenya West and this man clearly does
0	Somewhat. His face feels familiar.
1	I am 100% certain.. I don't remember seeing any of the above faces in lineup.
1	i don't remember seeing any of these guys in the lineup. i don't remember any of their faces
1	Pretty certain I saw him.. I'm certain I saw his face yesterday.
1	Pretty certain. I recognize the hair
1	I am fairly sure that I've seen this face before. He looks pretty familiar, while the others do not.
1	Absolutely. None of these looked remotely familiar.
1	I am very certain. I remember how his hair looked.
0	Not Certain. I think he looks familiar.
1	I think I might have seen this guy. . The eyes seem familiar.
1	Pretty certain. Nobody stood out. Facial expressions could prove me wrong too.
1	Pretty certain. Looks familiar.
1	Moderately certain. I remember most of the white people as being blonde
1	somewhat certain. one looks slightly familiar
1	I am not very certain.. I think he or someone who looks similar to him was in the picture before.. He looks familiar, his brown hair.
1	semi certain. none of these guys look familiar to me
0	Not very certain.. The size and shape of the nose look familiar.
1	Very certain. I remember his haircut
0	not at all certain. they're starting to look the same, and I really have no memory of any of them
1	I am pretty sure. I don't recognize any of these guys.
1	Entirely sure.. Memorable features. Stands out from the others. I recall seeing him in the previous lineup.
0	40. His haircut looks familiar to me.
0	zero. they look the same
1	pretty sure although not 100%. I picked him out fast so I am pretty sure he was one of them.
1	80. None of these faces look the slightest bit familiar to me.
1	very . wasn't there
1	I remember his bed head. His crazy hair!
0	reasonably certain. don't recognize any of them.
1	I'm fairly sure I'm right but not very confident.. I remember the hairstyle the one gentleman had in the original but I don't remember the face
1	certain. shape of his face.
0	Kind of. Not positive
1	Totally. I recall seeing him
0	not certain. these faces seem unfamiliar.
1	pretty certain. font see anyone
1	Certain. His hair, nose, and eyes.
1	None of the faces seem familiar to me.. I don't remember seeing anyone of them before.
1	very. i just remember the face
1	certain. not recognizing any faces.
0	Not certain at all.. None of the faces look really familiar, but I can't really tell.
1	He looks pretty familiar. I think I remember him by his beard cut
1	He looks like someone who was smiling earlier.. The haircut is familiar.
1	Half and half. I think I remember his eyes in the photos.
1	I am certain i saw this person yesterday . I do remember seeing this persons picture yesterday
0	I am a little certain.. The mans face looks a little familiar.
1	I'm pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	Pretty certain. I remember the shape of his chin
0	I'm not certain at all in my response. I don't recognize anyone in the lineup above
1	Mostly certain. No one looks familiar
1	Pretty sure. I don't recognize any of those men.
1	Certain. None look familiar.
0	I am 20% certain. . I am pretty sure i remember the goatee and the eyes of this individual.
1	fairly certain. I think i saw him before
0	No clue. I picked not present cause I have no idea
1	Uncertain. Don remember any of the faces.
0	somewhat. He looks like someone I have been based off of the facial expression
1	I am not absolutely certain but his eyes and eyebrows seem familiar. He may look like someone i know in real life
1	certain. seen him before
1	totally certain. i don't recall any of these faces.
1	Fairly confident. I don't recognize any of the faces
1	this guy was from yesterday for sure. he has the same nose and mouth
0	not too certain. I can't remember any of them
0	Pretty certain. No one looks familiar to me
1	I think I saw that man.. He looks familiar, though his facial expression is different.
0	Certain. Looks sort of familiar.
0	Fairly. Hair and eyes
1	pretty certain this time. I liked his face when I saw him before
1	I am somewhat certain. I think his clothing and hair have been changed if it is him.
0	iffy. I think I recognize him.
1	Fairly certain. Hair, facial hair, and eyes.
1	fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these guys
0	not at all. This one has me stumped
0	Not very certain. I feel that my selection look vaguely familiar.
1	certain. I don't recognize them.
1	I am 100% certain.. Never saw any of those faces.
1	I think I would remember these faces. I am mostly confident the answer is no. Most of these faces are kind of memorable, none of them look like any of the men I remember seeing.
0	not very. i have a vague feeling that I saw this person, but it is not strong
1	90 percent. Memory
1	mi pretty sure . i made this choice because mi pretty sure i saw him, none of the others look familiar but he does
1	Certain.. I don't remember any of these faces.
0	Not very. No distinguishing features
0	not certain. I don't recall any faces
0	I'm not very certain. His facial structure looks familiar, but I can't be too sure.
0	i am not certain. i hesitantly picked this person
0	not very certain. this face looks at little bit familiar as a whole
1	kinda sure. I font see anything that sparks a memory
1	I am very certain. I've never seen these faces before.
1	I am quite certain.. He look very familiar.
1	I am pretty sure the face is not present because none look familiar. None of them look familiar, so I am pretty sure I have the right answer
0	A little certain. I don't remember any of the faces from before.
1	positive. i don't recognize
0	Somewhat certain. I don't remember anyone like the one's shown, but a couple I'm not completely sure
0	Not very. Did you change all their shirts?
0	14%. 1/7 lucky guess
0	unsure. not certain
0	mi fairly sure. i font recall seeing any of the faces
0	Not very certain. No one sticks out to me as being familiar
1	certain. he is not here.
1	semi certain. looks familiar to me
1	I'm about 60% certain. . I remember the hair style from yesterday.
0	could be?. not certain
1	certain. no ones face looks familiar.
0	not very. I don't remember any of these faces
0	fairly certain. I believe I saw this face yesterday, but not certain.
0	somewhat. don't see
1	unsure. I can't be sure I recognize any of these
1	Extremely certain. I do not remember any of these guys at all.
0	fairly. seemed familiar.
1	Better than half. I THINK I remember this guy, but only because he's attractive.
1	Slightly Certain. Mightn't seen one, but not sure enough to click on them.
1	Very certain. No one is smiling here
0	font remember any. unsure
0	I'm not very sure.. I'm torn between a couple of the people in the pictures being maybe persons I've seen before, but I'm really unsure.
1	very. I've seen him
0	not at all certain. i don't remember
1	again, familiar face but not certain. I can't be sure but feel like I've seen the face before
1	partially certain. I believe I remember him
1	Certain. I don't recognize any of these faces.
0	Not at all certain. Unsure of this guy
1	a little over 60%. all others look photo shopped
0	Not very certain. Something about his face shape seems familiar
0	not very . I cant tell
1	don't believe i saw these faces. none of the above faces register
0	Not very. They don't look familiar
1	I am fairly sure I did not see any of these gentlemen in the lineup. I feel that I did not see any of these faces
1	I don't recognize any of them. None of them look familiar
0	somewhat. None look familiar
1	I am certain of this choice.. This guy looks very familiar in comparison to the others. His facial expression made me remember him.
1	completely. his hair
1	pretty certain. I am think I saw the person before, but not sure
1	almost positive. he reminded me of a football player that i used to know.
1	I think that he does look familiar. I think that he is probably one of the faces I saw.
1	pretty sure. I remember this face.
0	not very certain. I don't recall any of these faces.
0	not too certain. I don't recognize any of them but I could be forgetting someone's face from earlier.
0	No idea. Couldn't recognize a person there.
0	Not very certain. The dark, thick eyebrows look familiar
1	somewhat. don't see them
1	I am a little certain I saw him.. He looks very familiar.
0	fairly certain . none of these faces seem familiar
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember any of them.
1	I don't believe I have seen any of these people. I don't remember any of their faces.
0	I think I saw this one. I'm really not sure, something about his face and hair.
1	Very certain. I don't recognize them at all
1	I am kinds iffy on this one.. This man and the 3rd man look kinda familiar.
1	100%. he was wearing a gray shirt before
1	Mostly certain. Facial features and hair are similar to someone I saw earlier.
1	certain. don't remember any of them
0	I don't remember these men.. I don't remember seeing them and their faces are not looking familiar.
1	very certain. I font recognize anyone.
0	a little certain. hair style, shape of the jaw look familiar.
1	I know i saw this one. i concentrated on face shape , and thought he favored someone i know
1	very certain. he looks like someone I know
1	nobody here looks familiar. i cannot recognize anyone
1	I'm somewhat certain about this.. I recognize features of this face, such as the eyes and chin.
1	very certain. his hair, skin color, and facial hair.
1	Pretty certain.. I do not remember any of these faces.
0	somewhat sure. i remember a face that looked similar to this face and skin tone
0	Not certain. Not familiar.
0	eh. Kinda.. I remember one individual in line-up with sticky-out ear.
1	I'm almost certain this guy was in the previous lineup. Even though he's not smiling, i do remember his haircut and facial hair.
1	Quite sure. I recognize him
1	very. i don't recognize any of these faces
0	I am pretty sure there is no one in the line up from yesterday. I do not recognize any of the faces
0	No clue. Don't remember any of them
1	no doubt. middle eastern dude with faro is clear.
1	Moderately certain. I think I remember his eyes and nose.
1	very certain. his nose,small ears and head sap
1	Mostly. . No features personally distinctive to make sure.
0	Not positive. The white faces are really starting to blur together
0	uncertain. I don't recognize anyone
0	a little certain. I don't remember see any of these faces yesterday
0	I don't recognize any of the people. . I'm not certain enough that I recognize any of the people pictured to say they are present.
1	I think that this was one of the original images.. The facial features seem familiar to me.
1	not sure. euro look stands out.
1	pretty certain. he looks familiar
1	very. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	certain. None of these faces look familiar
0	Not very certain. The fourth picture going from top left to bottom right looks familiar but not too familiar
1	somewhat certain. recognize face structure
0	not sure. I don't really remember them
0	I am about half certain on this one.. I think I remember his hair and square chin.
1	I am very certain. The eyebrows stick out, along with the lack of expression.
1	I would say 50%. I don't remember any of the faces.
1	pretty certain. i don't recognize any of these faces the face structure is wrong
0	fairly. looks similar
1	i font remember any of them. they do not look any i saw yesterday
0	Not certain at all. no one stands out. They all look a little familiar
0	I'm not sure if he was in the previous photos.. I do not know if I saw this photo before, but I may have.
1	I am fairly confidant. They all look new
0	I'm really not certain.. The faces don't look familiar but I could have missed something.
1	I am certain I saw this face yesterday.. Eyes and facial hair stand out to me on this face.
1	certain. This is not someone present yesterday
1	I'm mostly sure, but I could be wrong. His eyes and hair seem to look like the other guy from earlier.
0	It's about 50/50 with this group.. I don't recognize any of these faces, but I could easily be mistaken.
1	Very certain. It's the same face, nose, ears eyes and mouth.
0	not certain. can't remember
1	not sure. do not remember any of these faces.
1	Positive!. I definitely remember seeing this face (and the person has a very striking eye color)
0	I'm not sure. I don't remember these men
1	pretty sure. I'm pretty sure I saw the man in this picture yesterday
1	I am fairly certain. I don't remember noticing any of them including their facial hair.
0	NOT VERY CERTAIN. I THINK I SEE HIM
1	Certain. None of these men look familiar
0	some. don't see anyone
0	not sure on this one, but pretty sure. looks familiar.
0	Not certain. His face looks slightly more familiar than the rest
0	Not positive. These guys don't look to familiar, but it could just be the angle, lighting, etc
1	pretty. i do not remember them
1	Fairly certain.. I don't think I remember any of those faces.
0	mi not too sure. nothing looks familiar
1	i recognized the eyes. i remember how well those blue eyes stood out with his blue shirt he was wearing before.
0	not very sure. eyes and hair style seem familiar.
1	I am very certain I saw this face . The face instantly stuck out to me and I remember seeing this face quite a few times
1	Absolutely positive. I clearly remember seeing that man yesterday
0	Not certain. No one seems familiar.
1	I am about 50% certain. . He kind of looks familiar.
1	positive. I saw his face in face survey yesterday
1	Very certain. . I thought he looked lizard like, He had a different expression before.
1	I am certain.. I didn't recognize anyone.
0	somewhat certain. facial expression
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember seeing any of these guys in the lineup
0	Pretty certain . I don't recognize anyone
1	uncertain. do not recall seeing these faces
0	kinda. lots of faces
1	I'm uncertain.. Some of them look similar. But, none of them look close enough to me.
1	Pretty certain. He looks familiar to me.
0	A little certain.. The hair is familiar.
1	Pretty certain. The hairline and overall facial features appear to match one of the previous pictures.
1	I'm fairly certain.. No one look familiar.
1	I recall seeing his face yesterday in the previous section of the HIT. His face was shown three times previously
0	not at all. I swear I STARED at the set of faces at the beginning!!! But I don't recognize any of these people.
1	I am very certain. I recognized the hair cut
1	Near certain. I'm pretty sure I've seen him at this point
0	not very certain. I don't remember any of these pictures
1	very certain. looks similar to Kenya
1	Pretty certain. Remember a guy in a white t-shirt that looked like him
1	Pretty sure. Don't look familiar
0	Not completely certain just going off gut instinct right now.. I'm pretty sure the individuals eyes look familiar but I don't know if I'm referencing something else.
0	not too certain. i really was unsure
1	I remember his expression. I based it on his expression
1	pretty sure. I feel like all the white guys were kinda creepy looking or had really blue eyes or both, but I don't remember any of these
1	Fairly certain. One has ears but the rest of the face seemed wrong
1	He looks familiar, but I'm not 100% certain. His face looks like one I saw yesterday
1	I am fairly certain.. I recognize his expression.
1	fairly certain. Soul patch.
0	In about zero. They all look the same
1	I am very certain.. I know that I saw this person in the lineup yesterday.
0	not certain. don't recall these faces
0	none of the people look familiar. I just font think any of them look familiar
0	sort of. I feel like I remember this guys face, but who knows. it's easier when the pic is from the same angle with the same clothes/lighting.
1	Very certain I don't remember. No recognition
0	not sure. i don't think i recognize any
0	Not certain. I think this is the smiling guy but not sure
1	None look like someone I saw. I don't recognize any of these men.
1	pretty sure. same eyes and facial hair pattern.
1	Definitely. That's the guy I saw.
0	Very uncertain. I don't specifically recognize anyone, but I am very confident
1	i do not remember any of these faces. i do not remember any of these faces
0	Not very certain. He looks somewhat familiar
0	very little. post looks different but recognize some characteristics
0	not really certain. i don't recognize any of these men.
0	none look familiar. none look familiar
1	Pretty. No features jump out as familiar.
1	Pretty certain. I don't think any person had this style haircut or shaped head.
0	I am slightly sure about him. He looks a little familiar
1	i am fairly certain. Because his facial features seem familiar
0	I don't remember these faces. . I cannot see anything familiar about these faces.
1	I don't think I saw any of these guys yesterday. I'm pretty sure none of these guys were there yesterday
0	Not at all. Hairline and face shape looks familiar
0	very. i don't recognize anyone.
0	I am pretty sure. I do not recognize any of these faces
1	certain. i haven't seen them.
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember any of them
0	I am a little bit certain. I think he has distinctive eyes that I remember seeing.
1	I don't recall these faces. . No one looks familiar.
1	Very. Slight faro and beard combo combined with the lighter skin and small nose.
1	I don't think I saw any of them.. It is hard to tell, but I didn't see them
1	Certain. Do not recognize any of these faces.
1	I am very certain. I have never seen any of these men before.
0	I'm not certain. I don't really remember seeing any of these.
0	not very. I think he looks familiar
0	Not at all. They all look the same
1	Fairly certain, though Top Left / #1 looks familiar too. None of the other faces look familiar, but the bottom right definitely does, though the top left might.
1	I am very certain of this man.. I made a mental note of his hair and eyes.
0	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	Moderately certain. I'm pretty sure I recognize this guy
0	50. I think I remember seeing this guy.
0	Kind of.. This face kind of looks familiar.
1	Very. I remember the smile
0	not very certain. I think I remember a nose looking like that
1	I am fairly certain that I have not seen any oft these faces before.. No one looks familiar in these pictures.
0	not certain. they all look the same, so I don't know
1	very certain i have never seen these people before. none of these people have the features i saw earlier
0	pretty sure. remember seeing a black person in a maroon shirt.
1	Very certain, but not completely certain. . He just looks extremely familiar. No specific features stand out.
0	I'm not very certain. My mind is telling me he kind of looks familiar, but I'm not very sure.
0	a little. none of the other faces are familiar at all
1	Pretty certain.. None of them seem familiar, they all seem unfamiliar.
1	cant remember any of these. mi really confused
1	Pretty certain. The eyes look similar to someone I saw yesterday, so I am pretty certain it is the same guy
1	Pretty certain. I Don't recognize any of them
1	he looks familiar . his faro and lips look familiar to a face seen last night
1	mostly. no one looks familiar
1	mostly certain. I remember his hairline and his jaw line, however, he has a somewhat generic look, so I'm not 100% sure
1	Positive.. Nose is distinctive
0	not sure. font remember them
1	a little certain nobody looks familiar. I don't recognize anyone
0	not very. I don't remember any of these men
0	I'm pretty certain about this response. . I saw a guy with the same face previously.
1	I am about 80 percent certain I have seen this face.. Pretty confident but not 100 percent.
0	slightly. nose.
1	very. font recognize
1	I do not recognize these, so I'm very certain. I am certain because none of them seem to have facial features/expression i recognize
1	I'm fairly certain. I do not recognize the faces and i may be confusing them now with previous questions asking for responses.
0	less certain. I don't specifically recognize anyone above, but I'm not certain.
1	slightly certain. not totally sure
1	mi pretty sure. looks familiar
0	not very sure. I don't remember any of the faces but not sure
0	Not very, nobody here immediately jogged my memory. I think I remember seeing him, but definitely not positive
1	Very certain.. I remember his hair style and eyes.
0	not very certain. The facial expression may look familiar, but not sure about face
1	Somewhat. I do recall seeing this person before.
1	sort of. Do not recognize anyone
0	very unsure. I am starting to think this is a trick, as nobody seems familiar so far
1	certain. i have seen him before
1	somewhat sure. the hair looks familiar.
0	unsure. difficult to remember the faces
1	somewhat. The blue eyes, goatee, and structure are standing out.
1	Very Certain. I don't see any familiar faces.
1	certain. same hair and nose structure.
0	Not too certain. I thought I saw this guy
1	moderately certain. none of these pictures look familiar
1	Pretty certain. None of these faces look familiar
0	uncertain. None of them look familiar
1	very certain. none of these faces are familiar.
0	I am a little certain.. I do not recognize any of the images.
1	Fairly Certain.. He looks familiar, but I was also memorizing their clothes! You guys tricked me! :-)
1	Unless the haircut changed significantly, I did not see these guys. I saw a similar guy, but his haircut was different.
0	no very. shape of head
1	somewhat certain. i remember the hair in the between his eyebrows.
1	I can recall him somewhat. The shirts throw me off
0	not very. can't remember
0	Kind of. A couple faces look very slightly familiar.
1	I am fairly confident but not positive.. I don't remember seeing any of them.
0	I'm pretty sure about this one, I remember the widest eyes and the ugliness of one guy. . I vaguely remember a guy who I thought looked like a serial killer.
0	"Low to mid certainty. The guy I picked reminds me of the ""punch able"" guy from before. Looks less punch able now. (I do not advocate violence)"
0	unsure. looks similar but can't find exact match
1	very certain. clearly remember his face
0	I'm mildly certain. I think that he was in it before, but I'm not sure. . So, I remember a guy with that facial hair and head posturing. But I'm not sure.
1	80%. mi pretty sure
1	fairly certain. none look familiar.
1	I am pretty certain . Io not recognize any of these faces
1	certain. remembered facial hair.
1	Somewhat. I think I remember his face and hair
1	pretty certain. eyes
1	very certain. making same facial expression
0	In slightly certain.. I'm slightly certain because that face was in the lineup previously I think.
0	Not at all certain, I'd wager on the side of slight familiarity while the other guys just seem like strangers.. Honestly this guy looks more familiar to me while the other guys don't, he jumped out while the other guys don't at all. I focused mainly on the eyes.
0	very. the face.
0	I'm only a little sure I saw this face. I think I remember the beard.
0	I am somewhat certain . the face looks a little familiar within the ones I saw previously
0	Somewhat uncertain. Some features are familiar but I can't say for sure if I've seen him before.
1	fairly certain. I don't recall this face
0	Uncertain. I don't recognize anybody here but I'm starting to doubt myself!.
1	A little certain.. None look like I've seen them before.
1	I am fairly certain I didn't see any of these faces yesterday.. None of them look familiar to me.
1	pretty certain. the selected person looks familiar to me.
1	very certain. i am certain
0	NOT CERTAIN. FONT REMEMBER SEEING ANY OF THESE FACES
1	Not positive at all. one man looks a little familiar, but I'm not certain
1	Very certain. I remember thinking this gentleman has a similar jawline to a celebrity
1	fairly positive. doesn't look familiar
0	NOT. NOT
0	Only somewhat certain. I don't recall any of these faces specifically.
1	I'm fairly certain none of these people were shown yesterday. I don't recognize any of the faces from yesterday
0	Below 50%. I think I saw this face yesterday, but definitely not positive
0	Not very certain. I don't recall seeing any of them
0	somewhat. just seems familiar
1	I don't remember these men. I don't remember seeing these men before.
1	certain. don't recall the face
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
1	pretty certain. none of them look familiar.
0	Not very certain. I feel confused as to what face I could have seen yesterday. Because the clothing has changed it makes me uncertain of my choice.
1	quite certain. I do not recognize any of the faces shown.
1	not too certain. I'm not sure
1	I am certain I do not remember these faces. . I cannot recall their faces or features.
1	fairly certain. I remember seeing him.
0	About 50%. This face seems familiar, but so does another in the lineup.
1	Quite. The facial expression
1	very certain. nose looks familiar
1	Very certain. No recognition
1	Pretty certain. I don't recall any of these faces
1	I am pretty sure I did not see this guy yesterday.. This guy does not look familiar to me
0	not certain at all. he looks familiar, but maybe from seeing him earlier in a lineup?
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Very certain. I recall this man because one of his ears is almost hidden.
0	NOT. NOT
1	certain. He had a tank top on before
0	Not very sure. None of the faces look familiar.
1	50. None of these faces look familiar to me.
0	14%. 1/7 lucky guess
1	half sure. font' recognize any faces
1	FAIRLY CERTAIN. DO NOT SEE ANYONE FROM BEFORE
0	These people do not look familiar.. I don't recognize anyone.
1	Certain. Recognize from before.
1	very. wasn't there
0	I am not positive.. None of them look familiar, but it is hard to tell.
0	not very sure. i don't recognize any of the faces but I'm bad at faces
0	Uncertain. I remember a smirk similar to his yesterday.
1	Extremely certain. Remember his face
1	Absolute. He was smiling before, but his nose and hair are recognizable.
1	In not real sure, although I do remember his lips and Adams apple. Because of his lips and Adams apple.
0	not at all. I think I saw him
1	I am fairly certain . His expression is different but I recognize his eyes and hair.
0	maybe?. this one's eyes look familiar.
1	Fairly certain. Hair cut and neck shape.
1	not very. I font recognize anyone
0	I'm somewhat sure about this.. I don't recognize any of these guys' features, but it's actually hard for me to tell.
1	somewhat certain. No features look familiar.
1	Very certain. I remember him because he wore a yellow chain and reminded me of Kenya.
1	Looks familiar. I am not sure if it is this photo I have seen or the next one
0	honestly, these guys all look the same to me and none look familiar. none of them look familiar.
0	not certain. his nose.
1	Pretty sure. I don't remember seeing any of these faces
0	Unsure.. I feel like I remember some details about this man's face.
1	Pretty Certain.. The Eyes
1	I am again very certain because I remember his face and hair. I remember thinking that this guy's hair looked fairly retro and it is very recognizable
1	only a little. he looks familiar.
0	Not certain at all.. He looks familiar from yesterday.
0	just a little. i remember his square chin
1	almost sure. I don't recall any of the faces.
1	I'm pretty certain. He looks familiar
1	very. i dint see any of these guys
0	a little . I don't remember these faces
1	I recall this person in a 50/50 capacity as he looks familiar. . I think I recall seeing him so I'm going to say that it's a 50 percent chance that I saw him as my memory jogged.
0	I'm a little certain. None of these people really look familiar.
0	not certain. looks familiar but not sure
0	sorta certain. None of the faces looked familiar.
0	I'm about 60% confident that this guy was in the initial slide show, but he was wearing a tank top.. Wow, this is a tough one. I am not real sure, but he looks similar to the tank top wearer from the slide show. The eyes and nose appear to be a match.
1	Pretty certain. None of these faces look familiar at all
1	I would say I'm about 50/50 on this one. I could be wrong, but he definitely has a unique look and seems familiar. . Shape of the face and the build, eyes and thick eyebrows seem familiar.
0	not sure. I don't remember seeing any of these faces
1	quite certain. I looks like a dead ringer for Kenya West
1	I am pretty certain.. None of these men look familiar.
1	Noe of these faces look at all familiar. I don't recognize any features of these faces.
0	Fairly. Don't recognize anyone
0	hairline. somewhat remember
1	I don't remember seeing any of these men. none of their faces stick out to me to make me say yes
0	Not very. I think saw a face that looks like that...but again not sure this is very hard.
0	Unsure. I don't specifically remember any of them
1	pretty certain. I font think i remember seeing this person
0	don't recall any of these. don't recall any of these
0	not very sure. because I am not positive
1	certain.. don't remember any of them.
0	maybe I saw him. his eyebrows look familiar
1	certain. not there.
1	mi sorta sure. i remember seeing a photo with the head cocked to the side in that way
0	Fairly certain. I remember his face
1	Very certain. Face is familiar to me. Nose, eyes and mouth. Haircut and facial hair.
1	I'm pretty sure that I have not seen these men before. I'd estimate it at 98% sure.. None of their eyes, hair, look, (lack of) smile matches what I saw before.
0	14%. 1/7 thrown the dice
0	A little bit certain.. I might have seen him.
1	fairly certain. don't recognize anyone.
1	A fair bit. The face looks familiar, it's the lopsided eye.
1	I'm certain I've seen his face previously.. I remember the facial features.
0	don't remember this person. don't remember that face
1	I am very certain. This person was shown before I recognize the hair.
0	Two of these men look very similar and familiar, down to two. Two look similar
1	pretty certain. none of them look familiar.
0	i don't know. don't know
1	I am 60% certain i saw this individual yesterday. The sunken eyes stick out.
1	very certain. His eyes look quite similar to a previous photo as well as his facial hair, chin structure, and cheekbones.
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these men's faces
0	Not sure at all.. Kind of seems familiar for some reason, but I can't place why.
1	fairly certain. The hairstyle, facial hair and face shape are very similar to a man that appeared in the previous images.
1	I am not very certain I am correct.. I believe his hair and facial features are the same as one that I had seen.
1	pretty certain. I don't recognize any of the people
1	confident. the facial hair is familiar.
1	pretty certain. I think they weren't in the line up
1	I am certain. I recognized his hair and his neck. He had a very defined neck.
0	I am fairly positive. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
0	I think i saw him. I think i saw him
0	About 50/50. I seem to remember an individual with a similar haircut
1	pretty certain. I font remember any of these faces or feel they are familiar
0	not very certain. I don't remember any of them
0	not very. looks familiar
1	almost positive. i don't recall any of the facial features.
1	very. wasn't there
1	very. I remember his facial hair.
0	50/50. unsure of if vie seen one of the people
1	I am pretty sure I don't recognize anyone here. No one looks familiar here
1	Somewhat. He looks familiar
0	not too certain. I don't recall if I've seen him
1	Very. No recollection
0	Not very certain. . A few of his facial characteristics look similar, but not enough to be certain.
1	I am positive I remember this face.. I strongly recognize the face I chose. His facial details stand out to me.
1	about halfway certain. i can narrow down a few of the faces but not all of them
1	Pretty certain. I don't recognize any of these men from the lineup
1	Certain. Do not recognize anyone.
0	I am iffy about this one. . He looks familiar, but not when I really think about it.
1	pretty sure. Looks familiar
1	very certain. this person had a very distinct face with a square jaw, sideburns, long nose.
1	fairly certain. I don't recognize any of these faces from earlier.
1	Somewhat, more than before.. Gut reaction
1	pretty sure. I don't believe I saw any of these
0	not very certain. he looks a little familiar
1	somewhat certain. they seem familiar
1	Fairly certain. None of the faces look familiar, especially the eyes.
0	Not sure. . None of these faces seem memorable to me.
1	Pretty certain. He has a unique chin
1	fairly certain. i don't recognize anyone.
0	I don't remember any of these guys. I don't remember any of them
0	not very certain. I font recall seeing any of them
1	Fairly certain. No one looks familiar.
1	Certain. Definitely recognize this guy.
1	kind of certain. He was wearing a blue polo before, I think it was him
0	I'm not very certain . The person look familiar, his eyes and shape of head in particular
0	Not that certain. I really don't think I've seen any of these faces before, but they are becoming a blur. Part of me wonders if I have seen ANY of these faces before.
0	Not very. Some of the faces look familiar.
0	not very certain. don't remember their faces.
0	Somewhat. I think I recognize his facial hair.
1	very. I remember distinction about most faces that I am not seeing
1	pretty sure. don't recall
1	mi pretty sure. i remember a photo yesterday that had the head cocked in a similar fashion
0	The person is not present 2 times. They are narrower and skinnier.
1	I'm a little certain that he is not in this lineup. . Even with the details and characteristics the same I just don't see the same person.
1	Entirely certain.. I remember his Afro and eyebrows but I recall him smiling, before.
0	moderately . I can't be sure
0	not really sure at all. i remember a shirt this color, but I don't remember the face
0	not sure. don't recognize anyone
1	certain. none look familiar
0	Fairly sure. His eyes look familiar
1	somewhat certain. no one seems familiar
1	almost full certain. his hair
1	Completely certain. None of these men looks familiar to me.
1	somewhat. this individual looks familiar to me
0	Not sure.. Not sure any of these fit the pictures I saw.
1	This face looks familiar to me.. When I looked over the different faces, I recognized that face, whereas I don't recognize the other faces.
0	Somewhat certain. He's the only one in the group that looks familiar.
0	very little. I don't think any are familiar
1	Absolutely certain. He looks really familiar from the lineup.
0	not certain. doesn't look familiar
1	His face looks a bit familiar.. I think I remember his chin and how large it is.
1	Very. Remember seeing a guy that looks like Blake Griffin. He looks like him.
1	very certain. I don't remember anyone with reddish blonde hair.
1	Very. None of these faces are familiar.
1	fairly certain . i remember there being primarily white people in the photos from yesterday, so I'm fairly certain these dudes weren't there...because I would remember the black faces as they stood out more
0	not very. none of them look familiar.
0	somewhat. none of them look familiar
1	Do not recognize any of these faces. No faces are familiar to me.
1	very certain. none of the people i saw had these features
1	pretty certain. I remember thinking he looks unhappy and grumpy
0	not very certain. looked somewhat familiar but not too familiar.
0	I'm not very certain. I don't recognize any of them
0	zero. there all white guys wearing the same shirt
0	not certain. I don't remember seeing any of these people but I could definitely be wrong.
0	not certain. can't remember his face correctly
0	mi certain.. i do not remember any of these shown
0	kind of certain. None of the facial features seem familiar.
0	I'm not very certain. . His face sticks out as one that I've seen before. I think it's the hair.
1	mostly sure. same face
1	I don't recognize any of the faces.. None of the faces look familiar.
1	I'm pretty certain about my response. . I feel like I've seen his face before.
0	He looks familiar. His nose and forehead are familiar
1	I am somewhat certain. None of the faces seem familiar.
0	not very. One of the men looks familiar, but could be from previous lineups and not previous exercise
1	pretty certain . don't remember seeing any of these faces
0	fairly certain but not 100% . I somewhat remember the eyes
1	moderately. the shape of face and shape of mouth
1	pretty sure. don't recall
0	Not certain. They all look like they could possibly be on the list.
0	fairly. I think I saw him
1	certain. I don't think i have seen any of them
1	Very certain. I remember seeing him.
1	pretty certain. none of the noses or eyes look familiar.
1	I am fairly certain I saw this person earlier.. Similar facial features to someone I saw earlier.
1	Pretty sure. I don't recognize any of those men.
0	fairly confident. no one here looks familiar at all
1	The top center photo looks vaguely familiar, but the rest do not. I feel like he may look similar to someone I know in Real Life, but the others stir no familiarity
0	A little less than half sure. I don't remember these faces
0	kind of. mustache, chin shape.
0	slightly. i feel like i have seen this face before
1	certain. eyes nose and mouth were recognizable.
0	In not certain I saw any. I don't recall seeing any of them
0	Fairly certain.. None of them seem familiar to me.
1	very. none of these men looked familiar.
1	Very certain.. I didn't recognize anyone in the line up.
0	a little. just a guess. thought he looked a little familiar
0	not very. font recognize anyone.
0	I'm slightly certain.. The face seems familiar, but I'm not entirely sure I saw it in yesterday's survey.
1	fairly certain . He looks like Kenya West which I made a mental note of before
1	I am not a hundred percent.. I seem to remember his longer face and higher hair line.
0	I am somewhat positive.. I think I recognize the facial hair and hairstyle.
0	not very. some faces look somewhat similar but not sure
1	Fairly certain. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Pretty certain. I recognize one guy
1	I'm pretty certain. They each have similar hairstyles, but no ones face stands out from the previous lineup
0	Not sure much. I remember the big nose and lips
0	Uncertain. Not sure, the look similar to each other
1	I'm about 60% sure. . The hair and facial expressions stick out to me from yesterday.
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
0	uncertain. font recall these people from photos
0	i don't recall any of these faces. i didn't recognize any of the faces
1	sure. I'm sure
0	All the face were smiling so not positive. Again all the faces WERE smiling
1	somewhat. looks familiar.
1	I am kind of sure.. They don't look familiar.
1	certain. I don't remember any of them.
1	"I may have seen this person before.. I think I remember his ""soul patch"" but I can't be certain."
0	I'm really unsure about this group.. I don't think I saw any of these faces, but they are all quite similar and I'm really not sure about this group at all.
0	I am not certain at all. . I just don't recall seeing any of these individuals.
1	sure. face
0	I am not very certain. . I vaguely remember that haircut, although this guy is wearing other clothing.
0	not sure. not sure if I remember anyone who looked like this.
0	kind of remember. hard to tell
0	not very certain. confused if I saw him yesterday or just earlier in the lineups today
1	fairly. I recognize his face
1	I remember this face. I remember that he has a goatee and a beard with a long chin.
1	pretty certain none of these are one of the. I don't recognize any of them
1	Straight goatee. Paid attention to his facial hair.
0	not certain. none of these faces look familiar, but I'm not sure.
0	I am somewhat service the person I chose I have seen before.. His eyes look very familiar to me.
1	not real sure. none of the faces look familiar
1	none of them look familiar. none look familiar
0	not at all certain. Honestly none ring a bell
1	pretty sure. Don remember any of these faces
1	Somewhat. I recall at least one white guy that looked like a MAGS hat owner and he does
1	Mostly Certain. The eyes, hairline, and eye brows are familiar.
1	very. no faces are familiar
1	pretty sure. none of them look familiar
1	Very sure. They all have easily identifiable features that I don't recall noticing yesterday.
0	decently so. I think I saw him before
1	I'm fairly sure. He looks like someone I saw, the hair and eyes look familiar.
1	somewhat. He reminds me of the guy I thought looked like Puff daddy yesterday
1	I'm 80 percent certain.. This one looks very familiar like I've seen him in the first task.
1	none of these people look memorable to me. dint see them yesterday
0	not too certain. don't recognize any, but they all look very similar.
0	Not very certain. One selected looks semi-familiar.
0	I'm not certain. he looks the most familiar
1	positive. He reminded me of a basketball player from the 70's.
1	I'm very certain that i saw this man in the previous lineup. i remember his haircut and facial hair
1	kind of certain. looks familiar.
0	not very. a couple faces look slightly familiar
0	not sure. note sure
1	very certain. haven't seen these faces before
1	I am extremely certain. I remember noting when first viewing the photos that this face reminded me of someone, and I again got reminded of this person when viewing the lineup.
1	certain. I recognize him from the line up.
1	I am pretty certain that none of these were present.. I do not recognize any of the above males.
0	Somewhat. I remember that specific hair and the face looks similar
1	50 percent. None of the features stood out as familiar
1	There's one particular face that I'm uncertain about so I'm not entirely certain with my response.. I made my response because one individual seems like he was who I saw last night. However, he also doesn't seem all that familiar and none of my mental notes are calling out to me.
0	not too certain. larger eyes.
1	Extremely certain. I distinctly remember this man from the photos.
1	positive. i didn't saw them in face survey yesterday
1	I'm fairly certain.. I don't recognized any of the faces.
0	Uncertain. None triggered a memory but one had the right hair shape and another had familiar eyes
0	About 30%. Eyes and nose seem familiar, but I think he was just in the last lineup
1	I'm sure. none of these faces are familiar.
0	I'm about 20% confident. The face just seems familiar no real distinct feature is recognizable
1	sure. his facial features, eyes mouth
1	I am sure.. I didn't recognize anyone,
0	Not certain at all.. I can't remember these faces.
0	UNCERTAIN. I THINK I SEEN HIM BEFORE BUT NOT SO SURE
1	Very. I recognize that skinny and smug look
1	In certain somewhat due to the persons head shape.. The head shape and complexion contrasts drastically to the other pictures provided.
1	certain. his face looks like someone i know
1	I'm sure that's someone I saw. He looks nearly identical. The man's hair, eyes, chin, hair and even eyebrows look the same as I remember.
1	almost positive. his hair looks familiar.
1	more than half certain. Looks like one from previous line up
0	I think I saw this photo yesterday, but not positive. Don't recall for sure, but face looks familiar.
1	I'm almost certain this guy was in the previous lineup. I remember this guy kind of looks like a stone
1	I do not remember any of these people.. none look familiar
1	I don't feel any face is familiar enough.. I can't say for certainty i recognize any of them.
1	Somewhat. His hair
0	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize them
1	not certain. I remember a white male with brown hair that was messy
1	very certain. recognize hair
1	certain. don't think i have seen any of them
0	Semi confident that this one was present.. The eyebrows and noise are unique.
1	certain. none look familiar
0	Not too certain.. His face.
1	certain. none look familiar
1	I am fairly certain. I remember the neck, so I was fairly certain I saw this guy yesterday
1	fairly. none looks similar
0	Not very. . None of these faces seem very memorable.
1	Extremely certain. I remember seeing his face
1	In not 100 percent but he looks familiar.. He looks like a picture I saw yesterday.
1	Fairly certain. None of these look familiar.
0	Not really sure. I don't recognize the faces
0	Not very sure.. I think I've seen him before, but I really don't feel confident about it. His eyes look familiar, I think.
1	I do not remember seeing anyone from this listed photographs above.. I chose NOT PRESENT to represent the personal belief of not seeing these individuals prior.
0	Not certain at all. None of these men look familiar to me.
0	not very. none of these faces stand out to me
0	Not at all. Some of these faces look familiar but at least one looks similar to someone I know so that could be why. Two of them look like the same person just a different angle. In general I cant single any of them as being seen before
0	not sure. OK
1	extremely. Did not see him
0	I'm a little bit unsure, but think I saw this person before.. The camera angle and features seem similar.
1	Pretty certain. I don't really recognize any of these faces
0	not very certain. I don't remember any of these pictures
1	Uncertain. No one stands out from the other day
1	6 out of 10. looks familiar
1	I'm not really so sure about this one, but he looks familiar . I think so.
0	Fairly sure. Most of the black guys were smiling in their pictures.
0	Eh.... This guy looks familiar
0	fairly. no one seems familiar.
0	somewhat certain. I think I saw this guy yesterday but not totally sure
1	I already said I saw this one. because i know!
1	Somewhat certain. Recognize the round face and mustache
1	pretty sure. no one stands out
1	Certain.. The guy looks similar to one in the study.
0	In really not that sure but I could be right. His face looks familiar
1	pretty positive. i haven't seen these people before.
0	uncertain. seems familiar but uncertain
1	not too certain. I think I recognize him but I'm not totally sure.
1	I don't recall seeing any of these men. they don't look familiar
0	Pretty positive. None
0	not sure at all. non
1	100 percent. his eyes look familiar
1	certain. I don't remember seeing any of them.
0	some. not certain
1	fairly certain. none of these are familiar
1	I am very certain that this person was previously witnessed. I remember that face.
1	not very. they all look somewhat similar
1	Definitely remember this guy. Facial hair, and features
1	somewhat. I think I recognize him.
1	The Person has a lighter complexion compared to the rest of the pictures provided.. The person is lighter and narrower in upper body shape compared to the rest of the pictures provided.
0	Not too certain. The top middle looks a bit familiar, but he also has a pretty generic face.
0	Only a little certain. Something about the expression in his eyes seems familiar.
1	I am very sure.. I did not see any of these guys yesterday
1	Completely certain. I don't recognize anyone.
0	I am not very certain. . I don't specifically remember him. He just kind of looks familiar.
1	certain. i remember his faro
1	No one here rings a bell at all.. I don't recognize anything in these faces.
0	Not so certain. It's hard to put a finger on it but the facial hair and haircut seem vaguely familiar
0	not certain. none of them look familiar
1	Pretty confident. Don't recognize any of their faces
1	Fairly Certain. mouth and eye shape, size of ears, lip color.
1	I am very certain.. I remember seeing his eyes and face. I didn't even have to look at the others.
1	Somewhat certain. I do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period.
1	Pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	Kinda certain. I don't remember seeing this hair on anyone
1	pretty certain. None of these face shapes is recognizable to me.
1	Very sure that this is the guy that was in the picture earlier. His facial hair is familiar.
0	Zero certainty. I don't recognize any of these faces
0	Not very certain. His facial symmetry, his eyes.
1	None of these men look familiar. Between the faces and expressions, none of them stand out.
1	Completely Certain. I absolutely recognize his nose and the level of his ears.
1	fairly certain. hair style, eyes, nose.
0	not really. this guy looks kinda familiar
1	somewhat. did not recognize the face structure
1	moderately certain. i remember his hair and his head shape
1	very certain. none look familiar
0	I'm somewhat certain. His features, especially eyebrows,look familiar.
1	I am not very certain. None of them look familiar to me, but one could have been shown to me before.
1	I think I am right. I don't remember any of these guys
0	Not very certain.. None of them really stand out too me again.
1	certain. not the same guy
1	Almost for sure.. He has the same jawline and face set as in the previous mugshot of his I saw.
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
0	a little certain. none seem familiar
1	fairly sure. face looks familiar.
1	I am pretty sure none of these males were present.. I do not recognize any of the above males at all.
1	I'm about half sure in this one. He looks rather familiar. I think he was in the lineup.
1	I feel more certain with him.. I remember seeing a guy yesterday that looked like a family friend. And this guy looks the same.
1	100%. he was in the line up may times
1	I'm 100% certain.. This man was making the same facial expression in the previous photos. He is wearing a different shirt, however.
0	a little. I font see anyone I remember
1	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize them
1	Very certain. Looks like Kenya
1	semi certain kinda seems familiar. its how certain I am
0	Low certainty.. I think I remember this white man from earlier.
0	I do not feel secure in the fact I saw one of these faces before. None of the faces stand out to me
1	Decently certain. I don't recognize any of the faces from previously shown images at all...
1	very certain. face is familiar
0	uncertain. seems familiar but not sure
0	a little. slightly recognize.
1	fairly certain. looks familiar
0	Not very certain.. I don't recall seeing any of these yesterday .
1	I'm extremely certain about seeing this face.. I feel confident about saying I'm extremely certain about seeing this face before.
1	Very certain. I remember this guys haircut from previous pictures.
0	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize any of them
1	completely. i remember the shape of his face.
1	I feel fairly confident. I remember his hair and the way he looked at the camera
0	fairly certain. looks familiar
1	No one looks familiar. Don't see any familiar faces
0	some. His face looks familiar
1	Pretty certain. None of the faces look familiar.
1	certain. Looks like puff daddy.
0	I am extremely uncertain. I do not recognize any of the individuals
1	pretty sure. I am pretty positive
1	pretty sure. don't recall
1	not so sure. none of them look familiar.
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	Pretty sure. I remembered I didn't like his hair.
0	Not sure. Unrecognizable faces.
1	Somewhat. I don't recognize
0	Don't see a familiar face. Not really sure - I don't think any face from original lineup is here...
0	Not certain. Some of familiar looking.
1	I do not recognize any of the above men.. I do not recognize any of them.
0	somewhat certain. The one in top right corner looks somewhat familiar
1	Pretty sure.. None of these people were in the previous lineup.
1	certain. I think he was smiling in the other photo
1	Very. None of these faces are familiar.
0	Not very certain.. I can't remember any of these guys.
0	uncertain. looked slightly familiar
0	Not certain. I vaguely remember seeing someone with this hair cut.
0	I'm partly certain about my response.. I think I've seen this person in the previous lineup.
0	somewhat certain. Looks familiar but not sure.
1	certain. none look familiar
1	Fairly certain. Smile is different but looks familiar
1	somewhat. eyes and nose look familiar
1	I don't recognize one of these faces. I don't believe I've seen one of these faces before.
1	certain. no one is the same guy
1	Pretty certain. He looks familiar while the other faces do not.
1	I am slightly certain. The facial features look familiar and the expression
1	I am very certain.. He looks familiar.
0	moderately certain. none look familiar.
1	fairly certain. I do not believe any of these faces were in yesterdays lineup.
1	PRETTY CERTAIN. DO NOT SEE ANY PEOPLE I HAD PREVIOUSLY SEEN
1	Fairly certain. I recognized his hair cut.
1	i am almost certain. he looks to be the same even has the same head shape
1	Fairly certain. None of these men look familiar.
1	Perhaps.. I remember his nose stuck out.
1	i am not certain. I do no remember the faces
0	Not very.. I don't think I've seen these faces before.
1	pretty sure. looks very familiar
1	Extremely certain. . I remember his hair and mustache.
1	not really certain. Don't remember these faces
1	Very certain. I have not seen any of these faces
1	Very sure. I've seen this guy before.
0	NOT VERY CERTAIN. HAIR AND EYES
1	very. jawline is familiar
0	slightly. none of these faces look familiar.
0	Not very certain at all. . All the faces look very similar to me. It is very difficult to remember which is the face I saw.
0	Not very certain. His face looks somewhat familiar,however different situation
1	definitely. He reminded me of Kenya
1	I am positive.. None of the faces look familiar.
0	not certain. font recognize anyone but cannot be certain
0	A little. I do not recognize any of the faces above.
0	semi certain. hair looks familiar
1	pretty certain i saw that guy. his face looked familiar
1	somewhat. I didn't recognize anyone in the lineup
1	pretty certain. font recall face
0	I'm only 20% certain.. I think I remember his eyes.
1	I am almost sure. I recognize the details of the face
0	about 50 % certain. the face has a distinctive jawline that I think I remember
1	certain. I remembered this man's face because his facial expression was pretty scary to me yesterday
1	certain. i saw this face.
0	Not sure. I recall seeing him, but I think I'm mixing up faces now.
1	very certain. i have seen him
1	Pretty certain. None of the features looked at all familiar.
0	not very. he looks familiar.
0	Not at all certain but I think I remember the eyes. Eyes, the way they look? I don't know that I can get more specific than that.
0	somewhat. looks like a previous picture of the same guy with glasses
1	Pretty Certain. None of these look familiar.
1	I am almost certain no of these did I see.. No one looks familiar.
1	seems familiar. I think vie seen them before
1	Not very. I don't recognize anybody right away here.
1	I am pretty sure I am correct. I do not recognize any faces.
1	almost positive. I don't recall any of these facial features.
1	very certain. haven't seen these faces before
1	Fairly certain. His eyes and forehead look familiar.
0	not very. dint recognize anyone.
0	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these guys from the pictures before. They all look the same to me.
1	positive. I remember his hair style
0	somewhat. The chin shape looks familiar but I could be wrong.
0	NOT. NOT
0	uncertain.. Because he seems vaguely familiar.
1	Hardly any o the white guys had facial hair yesterday. font recognize them.
0	I'm slightly sure.. I think I've seen him before.
0	Not certain. HE looks familiar, and also reminds me of a Kenya West
1	somewhat. features are similar to what i recall
1	No one I can recall. None of them look familiar.
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of the above faces yesterday
1	I don't recognize any one. I don't recognize any one
0	very uncertain. I cannot remember seeing any of the people but I may very well be wrong
1	None look familiar. None look like anyone I saw before
0	fifty percent. don't recall these features
1	100%. reminded of nick cannon
1	Very certain.. I didn't recognize anyone.
1	certain. I remember his face.
0	Not very, think top left might be from yesterday. I think top left might be from yesterday but I really would be taking a guess if I chose him
1	somewhat. not sure
0	I'm fairly certain about this response. . I think I saw a guy with the same features as his.
1	very certain. I remember his faro.
0	Pretty sure. I seem to remember their face
1	I am pretty sure I have not seen these faces. I can not remember any of these faces.
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
0	A little.. He looks a little familiar.
1	50/50 certain kinda seems like that was it. seems familiar
1	None look familiar. Do not recognize anyone
0	Somewhat. I believe that I remember the person's hair
0	a little. don't recognize anyone
0	Halfway . I do not recognize them
1	very. wasn't there
0	Not confident.. Remember nothing here.
0	somewhat certain. Do not recognize any of them.
0	I'm not very certain.. I don't recognize any of the men, but I don't really remember.
0	Somewhat certain. None of these faces look familiar
1	very. he looks familiar
0	Fairly certain. Although I think his hair is completely different than a previously shown photo I think this is one of the men in one of the photos I was shown.
1	certain. hair style with side burns.
1	I definitely remember the bad haircut on this guy. the haircut and the glazed look
1	fairly certain. none look familiar
1	Almost certain. I do not recognize any of these faces shown.
0	I don't recognize anyone. I font recognize anyone here
0	Pretty certain. do not think I have seen this face before
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of the faces being shown yesterday but I'm not 100% sure because I have memory issues
1	same hairline facial structure. only diff is he is not smiling but other then that i swear its him
1	somewhat certain. i don't think I've seen any of them
1	pretty sure. I think I remember the guy wearing the burgundy sweater and he didn't look like that.
1	Fairly certain. None of these look familiar.
0	moderately certain. The guy's hair + facial features look familiar
0	Not certain again.. Feeling of familiarity. Not strong.
1	fairly. don't see anyone I saw.
0	Do not recognize anyone. Do not recognize anyone
0	About halfway certain.. This face seems a bit familiar.
0	I am somewhat certain I witnessed him but it's hard to tell.. His hair and facial features look familiar.
1	I am not sure I saw any of these guys in the line up. I don't recall seeing any of them.
0	Not certain. This is difficult
0	50/50. Error........were they all wearing the same shirt yesterday?????
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember any of them.
0	Not certain. maybe the hair I've seen, not sure
1	Partially certain. This individual looks more familiar than the rest and I think I may have see him in the lineup
1	not that certain. i think I'm right, but not too positive
0	None look familiar. I don't see anyone the same
0	I am not very certain. His eyes ring a bell.
0	A little bit.. Looks like I've seen that guy.
0	this is too hard! I have no clue. This one looks a little familiar
0	not very certain. no one looked familiar.
1	Certain. None of them look familiar
1	Moderately. The hair looks familiar.
0	I AM NOT CERTAIN AT ALL. I DON'T KNOW
0	not very. I think I saw his man, but he was smiling in yesterday's photo
0	Not sure. None stand out to me
0	I am only somewhat certain. because they are unfamiliar to me yet again, but mi starting to think it may just be me
1	somewhat. I think I remember seeing this guys face
0	slightly. hair shape.
1	Extremely certain. I remember his face
1	I am almost certain. The eyes and hair.
0	Not at all. . All these faces are starting to blur together.
1	A little bit.. Intuition.
1	I'm almost 100% certain on this one, though the expression on his face is different and he's wearing different clothes, but I definitely remember this face. . It's the eyes, the hair, and he has a fairly similar demeanor in this pic as in the first one. I remember thinking he looked like a frat boy in the first image (sorry, judgmental, I know).
1	don't recall any of the faces. I'm positive.. none of these faces look familiar from yesterdays line up.
0	font recall any. unsure
0	unsure. none look right
1	Moderately Certain. I remember a person with a round face and facial hair similar to my selection.
0	I'm 40 percent certain.. This one looks familiar but I'm not sure.
0	Highly uncertain. This could be one of the people from yesterday but groomed a bit differently, though I am not very good at identifying people when their appearance changes.
1	Pretty certain. They don't look at all familiar.
1	I don't remember any of these. I don't remember any of their faces so In choosing no
1	I am half certain of this choice. This face seems familiar.
0	not very certain. he looks a little familiar
1	Pretty sure. None of them look familiar
0	somewhat. the hair and eyes look familiar.
1	pretty sure. don't recognize any of them
1	certain. these faces and features do not look distinctly familiar
1	certain. I don't recognize them.
0	I don't see anyone that could look like the earlier photos. None of these guys look familiar.
0	not very certain. no one looks familiar
0	not very. harder to tell, pics are smaller
1	I'm fairly certain. i remember the facial structure of this person
0	Not sure . I think he looks a little familiar
1	60. None of these faces look familiar to me.
1	Pretty certain. None look familiar.
1	A little unsure. I know I saw a face that looked similar to this yesterday, but it's an indistinct look.
1	I do not remember seeing any of these people.. None of the faces above seem familiar to me.
1	confident. none of the above faces look familiar.
1	very. i recognized him immediately.
0	Not too certain.. This face seems a little familiar but I'm not certain I have seen it before.
0	not very. This may or may not be a familiar face
1	Kind of certain. I really feel like this face is familiar, like I saw it yesterday.
0	Only a little sure.. It's getting hard to remember if I saw any of the faces or not.
1	fairly certain. do not see anyone who was in the sideshow.
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these individuals.
1	pretty sure. he looks like someone i know
1	I am completely sure.. I know I saw that kid in the scenes before.
1	pretty sure. I remember his nostrils!
0	I do not recognize any of these guys. Their expressions are very different so I cannot tell
1	I'm extremely certain about seeing this face.. I feel confident about saying I'm extremely certain about seeing this face before.
1	positive. i remember him
1	very certain. remember it from yesterday
1	certain. don't remember seeing that color shirt
1	I am very certain.. I made the response above because I remember comparing his face to looking like one of an actors.
0	I'm not that certain.. I may have seen one of these faces, but it is hard to tell.
1	very certain. none of these faces are familiar in the slightest bit
0	certain. I font recall any of these faces.
0	Not very certain. None of them look familiar to me.
0	not certain. He looks familiar.
0	not very. none look familiar
1	kind of certain. none of them looked familiar
1	Quite certain. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	Very Certain. Face and hair style look familiar.
1	pretty certain . don't remember seeing anyone in these pics
0	I am not too certain if I have seen this face.. I feel this face is vaguely familiar.
0	not very certain. I can't remember if top left was in the lineup
0	maybe . they all look alike
1	Very certain. This guy looks all too familiar.
0	a little bit. he looks a little familiar
1	somewhat certain. I think i remember this mugshot person because of there nose
1	This person resembled Kaye West, I remember thinking that. And this same person resembles Kaye West. . Even though the angle is off he still looks like Kaye West.
0	not very. I might have seen him before.
1	Moderately certain. I remember thinking that a face shown earlier looked like an alien, and my selection makes me think that as well.
1	certain. Doesn't look familiar
1	Terry, very certain. I remember the uneven eyes
1	pretty sure. I definitely don't remember any
1	Pretty certain. None of the faces stand out to me
1	kind of certain. that stupid hair on his chin
1	Very certain. He was wearing a blue and white checkered shirt and smiling in the photos from before.
1	fairly certain. I do not recognize anyone.
0	somewhat certain. person looks familiar
1	Fairly certain. None of these look familiar.
0	Not certain. He looks familiar, but I am not certain. His head tilt looks familiar.
1	somewhat. pretty sure I remember him
0	not very. I may have seen that man
0	not at all. don't remember
1	I am positive he was in the lineup.. I remember his eyes and hair.
1	Very certain. Because I remember this guys nose, it creeper me out.
0	Not very certain. One of them could have been in the lineup
1	Pretty Sure.. One person in initial line up looked like Kenya. Here is a man who looks like Kenya.
0	A little. I think i saw him but am not sure
1	50/50 certain that I saw his picture before. . The eyebrows looked familiar - i think a picture shown earlier to me wearing a gold chain.
1	I am pretty sure I haven't seen these faces.. I don't recognize any of them.
0	Not very certain.. I think I remember seeing him, maybe.
0	It may be him from yesterday but I'm not completely sure. He looks very familiar from yesterday
0	sort of. looks familiar
1	kinda certain.. because he seems pretty familiar.
0	fairly certain. slightly recognizable
0	Fairly. Don't recognize anyone's face
1	I font remember these faces. I font remember
0	unsure. looks familiar
1	Fairly certain. I don't recall seeing any of these faces before.
1	I'm pretty certain.. I remember his face. His hairline, his small chin. He was handsome.
0	Low certainty.. Can't recall any of these faces.
1	Positive. I named this one Kenya West
0	not very certain. face looks familiar
0	somewhat. I don't recognize any of them
0	Not very sure. He seems familiar, but I may just be going by his haircut.
0	In actually not very certain. I font see any traits that would make this person stick out in my mind
1	I am fairly certain.. He seems familiar.
0	some. could be one of them
0	I remember someone having a long face. His face is long
1	Fairly certain. No one looks familiar.
0	i font remember any of them. i font remember them
0	Not at all. . I can't remember any of these faces.
0	not 100% certain but the face is familiar . I picture this face as one of the smiling faces that I saw previously
1	Pretty certain. Face looks familiar to me.
1	fairly certain. This face looks familiar, but I cannot say with 100% certainty.
0	guessing yet again. something may be familiar about this face
0	About 20% sure, that is to say, not very.. None of these faces look familiar, but I'm really not sure at all about this grouping either.
0	Somewhat certain. I don't remember these men.
1	I am pretty certain. I don't recall any of these faces and I'm pretty confident I haven't seen them before.
1	Very Certain.. I know I saw him.
1	Fairly certain. None of these look familiar.
0	not certain. not sure if I saw any of these faces
1	about 50-50. looks recognizable but not sure
1	Fairly certain. None of these men look familiar
0	somewhat. I believe I saw him in the lineup yesterday
0	NOT. NOT
0	I'm not certain at all.. I think the word search really drained my memory of the faces.
0	I am not certain that I saw him, but he looks familiar.. His eyes look familiar.
0	NOT. NOT
0	i am fairly certain that no one has been in the previous pictures. i cant remember any of the faces.
0	I font remember any of them. I font remember them
0	not very certain. I think I recognize him, but not sure.
0	Not very certain. The eyes look slightly familiar
1	I'm 80 percent certain.. This one looks very familiar.
1	Somewhat certain. Recognize the facial expression and face
0	not very certain. I think one mugshot looks familiar but mi still very unsure
0	not at all certain . not really sure
1	Almost certain. I do not recognize any of these faces
0	I am slightly certain . He is good looking and I feel like his hair is familiar
1	I am very certain. I remember his haircut and his eyebrows. His hair and eyebrows are a slightly different shade.
0	Not very. None look familiar.
1	I'm really not very certain, one or two looked like maybe I saw them but my instinct is no.. The faces didn't set off any alarm bells.
0	Not very. Memory
0	not very. don't recognize anyone
1	I am about eighty percent sure. I am eighty percent sure because some of the faces looked familiar to me, and he felt familiar to me
1	Sort of certain. Just seems to be familiar
1	I'm slight certain this is the same man. . Very distinctive nose and mouth and dumb dull look.
0	somewhat. none of the faces look familiar
0	zero. zero
1	Somewhat Certain. He looks familiar.
0	I am slightly confident that I recognize him. . I kind of remember his hair. I seems familiar.
1	80% certain. none of the stand out to me
1	I am relatively certain.. The pattern of the hair against the forehead.
0	I don't recognize any of the faces from yesterday.. No face is jumping out to me as familiar.
1	I am almost positive I remember him, but I might be wrong. I remember him and his face in general, I think.
1	mostly certain. None of these guys look familiar
0	Think Ice seen him. His face is shaped oddly
1	Pretty. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	I'm very certain. They don't look at all familiar.
0	a little certain. none of them look familiar.
0	A little bit. I think he looks familiar
0	a little. does not look familiar
1	sure. haircut
1	certain. I am sure i have seen him before
0	Don recognize anyone. Nothing seems to jump out
0	not really certain. i don't recognize any of these men.
1	certain. I remember the lips and goatee
1	Very Certain. I remember that he looks like Kaye West
1	Fairly certain. I remember an individual with his light complexion, blue eyes, and short light hair.
1	Very certain. His hair is distinctive.
1	I am about fairly confident that I saw this face previously. . I remember seeing a man with facial hair and same expression on the line up previously.
1	saw earlier. same guy, less happy.
1	Only somewhat certain. He looks familiar to me.
1	Very. 4 of these pictures are the same person
1	I am not very confident with my response. . I believe I remember this mans hair because it was something that stuck out to me as I watched the faces.
0	Uncertain. This person looks familiar but I'm not sure.
1	Not certain. . It's hard to recognize when they changed clothes so not sure.
0	Very. Messy/greasy hair with tired eyes and skinny lips
0	not at all. font remember any of these
1	very. these faces were not shown.
0	uncertain. I don't recognize anyone
0	Fairly. I don't recognize any of them
0	uncertain. font recall these people from photos
1	very certain. nothing looks familiar.
1	I'm fairly certain I didn't see these faces yesterday. None of them stand out, and they look very similar to one another
1	Pretty Certain. I remember his nose
1	pretty certain. These men look older than the set of photos shown earlier.
1	Pretty certain. I remember thinking this guy looked a bit like Kenya West.
1	not very. font see anyone i recall
1	I am fairly certain. I remember his hair and facial features.
1	I pretty certain non of these men were in the photos yesterday.. None of these men look familiar from the photos yesterday.
1	fairly confident. I remember his eyes and facial expression
1	half way certain. nose and hair look familiar
0	font know . font know
1	I am confident . He has a goofy face and a Lloyd Christmas haircut
0	I am not very certain.. This face looks familiar to me.
1	Very certain. I remember that particular pose
1	No one seems familiar. As far as I can tell no one was previously shown.
0	He looks a bit familiar. He looks strangely familiar.
1	very certain. I would have remembered at least one of those faces
1	fairly optimistic that i am certain. eyes.
1	almost certain . i think hair was the same
1	Mostly certain, though two on the right seem familiar. Though the two on the right seem familiar. I am unable to be fully certain.
1	fairly certain. I remember his eyes and his nose being a little crooked.
1	The pictures are not showing up. . These pictures are not showing up so I cannot see anything.
1	I am fairly certain in my response. He looked familiar to yesterday's men
0	not certain at all. I don't recognize any of them
1	Pretty certain.. I don't remember any of them.
1	pretty certain. I don't remember those faces
0	very uncertain. slight feeling of familiarity with that face
0	not very. no one looks familiar
1	Almost positive. . I remember seeing this guy, his smile stands out
1	very. I remember this guy looks like Kenya West and had a narrow beard
1	I am pretty sure none of these faces were there.. I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	very. none look familiar
0	not certain. no one looks familiar
1	Very. His face tilted looks familiar.
1	positive. I remember his goatee
1	I am certain because none of them look familiar. None of them feel familiar, so that's why I am certain
0	Not very certain. I don't recall any of these faces but really cannot remember.
1	I PRETTY CERTAIN . I REMEMBER SEEING HIM, MAYBE THE COLOR OF HIS SHIRT
0	Not Certain. Unsure I saw any of them.
1	None of these young men look familiar. . I don't recall seeing any of these faces before.
1	70. he look similar to a man from yesterday
1	I am certain I saw this man. He has a longer neck and I remember seeing someone with one.
0	a little certain. Shape of the head, lack of hair.
1	somewhat. seems familiar
1	Mostly sure. The face looks familiar
0	not very. none look familiar
0	not very certain. I can't be sure
0	not really. nobody looks familiar.
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember any of the faces.
1	Fairly certain. I think I remember him with the hair cut, he had a tank top on
1	Don't ring a bell. I don't recognize any
0	about 50/50. his facial features seem fairly familiar
1	very certain. I have never seen them.
1	certain. the beard and face are familiar
1	fairly certain I would remember someone here. no one is familiar
0	I kind of on the rocks with this one. I remember his ears and chin kind of.
0	not very . none look familiar
1	Pretty sure.. One person looks similar but much more dark skinned.
0	I font recognize anyone. . None seem familiar to me
1	completely sure. these people weren't shown previously.
1	I am half certain. These faces do not seem familiar
0	somewhat certain. i remember seeing this face because i thought it was attractive
0	Not really sure. I think I saw this one in the lineup, but they are all starting to blur together
1	semi. thought about top middle guy
0	not certain. can't remember
1	I am somewhat certain. I believe I remember seeing this person's face
0	Kind of certain. I think I recognize his face
1	kinda certain. face looks familiar to me
1	pretty certain. I don't recognize anyone shown.
0	fairly certain. I just can't be sure if I have seen any of these faces, but I could be wrong
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
1	don't think i saw any of these. none look familiar
1	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize them
1	very certain. this is the guy with the eyes I remembered
0	This face seems familiar, but I can't specifically recall the person.. The face feels familiar, but I don't have specific recollection.
1	Absolutely certain. I recall this picture due to the original expression which is the exact same expression he has in the lineup photo.
1	Very certain . I have seen him his hair was a give away
1	certain. remember that he looked like he was cut out of a picture.
1	Very certain. I recall making note of his hair style
1	Kind of certain?. None of them look familiar
0	10%. told to
1	i don't remember any of these guys in the previous lineup. i don't remember any of their faces
1	certain. same guy
0	Not too certain. The top-left and bottom-right look mildly familiar, but I don't think I saw them
0	I am really not certain about this one. . The haircut looks vaguely familiar to me, but then again, it already has in another lineup as well.
0	kind of. eyes, mouth.
1	I'd say I'd get a barely passing A on the certainty scale, so maybe 70% sure.. He reminds me pretty strongly of someone I know in real life, and the other guys don't jog any memories of real people which is something I remarked yesterday when I looked at the lineup of dudes.
1	Fairly certain. . The face looks familiar.
0	I am not sure. His beard I think.
1	I font remember the faces. I font remember them
0	Not sure. . None of these faces seem memorable.
1	I cannot recall these faces. . I don't remember any identifying features of these men in yesterdays lineup.
1	i am only a little certain. The eyes and mouth.
0	Kind of certain. the sideburns look familiar.
1	certain. not recognizing any faces.
0	i can kind of remember him. i may have saw him earlier in this hit
1	Medium certain. He looks like someone I know, and I remember thinking that.
1	not certain. I saw a lot of faces
1	certain. he looks like Kenya West.
1	half way certain. I do not remember any of the faces shown
1	Pretty certain. I only remember one guy with similar hair, but he didn't look like any of these people.
1	I'm fairly certain.. I remember the eyes and chin trim.
0	not certain at all. I do not recall seeing any of these none of them stand out
1	I'm fairly certain. I don't feel like I've seen any of these faces.
1	very. His hair and neutral look
0	Not very certain. None of the above pictures stand out to me other than the top left.
1	None of them look familiar. I can't really? They just don't look familiar.
0	not certain. I can't remember
0	Not certain. He looks familiar.
1	same eyes. he looks the same
1	More so. Again unique faces that don't recall seeing.
1	somewhat certain. Face looks familiar but not sure
1	Fairly certain. None looked familiar.
1	fairly. I remember a goatee
1	fairly certain. none of the gentleman look like the previous pictures that were shown
1	Very. He reminded me of a friend.
1	very certain . did not see anyone in these pics
1	fairly confident I have never seen anyone here before. nothing seems familiar
0	Not very certain. He looks kind of familiar
1	I am very certain. his lees look like there going upward toward his eyes
1	Can not remember that far back after being distracted by a word search.. Do not remember seeing any of these.
1	I have seen him before. I have seen his photo
1	I am confident with my response. . I remember the hair style, facial hair, and nose on this individual.
0	He looks familiar. Though I'm not sure if I just saw him in an earlier lineup. He looks the most familiar out of all of the faces.
0	Not completely certain. The first picture looks slightly familiar
0	A little bit. I don't remember these guys
0	Not very. He look a bit different but it might be the same guy
1	No one looks familiar here.. I do not seem to remember any of these faces.
0	not terribly certain. none of the features of faces I remember are present.
0	uncertain. looks familiar.
1	Very. I don't recognize any of them
1	moderately certain. he looks familiar.
1	A bit certain. I seem to recall this face from before.
1	Very sure. I know I saw this face
1	Not very certain. The person I chose had familiar-looking eyes.
1	semi. I think it's the same guy
0	uncertain. because I'm uncertain
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	remember. hes cute
1	Absolutely certain. His eye color, hair color/style, facial structure, and ear shape clearly remind me of an individual I have seen before.
1	I am fairly certain. I remember his eyes
0	none look familiar at all. none look like anyone I can remember seeing
1	very certain. remember the square jaw beard look.
1	kind of curtain. none of the faces look familiar
0	Barely certain. . I don't remember any of the above faces.
0	hmm maybe I'm not sure. he looks familiar but I can't be sure
1	I don't recognize any of these people. They don't seem familiar enough from what I saw in the photos.
1	I am pretty sure. I remember this person because they look like Kaye West lo
0	Kinda sure.. Because he seems pretty familiar, although I'm not 100%.
1	moderately. none look familiar enough to be sure
1	pretty sure. i font recognize them
1	fairly certain. I feel like I saw this face yesterday, not 100% sure
1	Fairly certain. This male looks very familiar which leads me to believe he is one of the faces I saw yesterday
0	Fairly certain. None look familiar.
0	doesn't look familiar . they all have a different look
1	extremely certain. I don't recall any.
1	I am fairly sure. His face looks familiar
1	Very certain. I remember his sideburns and eyebrows.
1	moderately certain. I think I remember those eyes.
0	Somewhat. Don't recognize anyone.
0	Not certain. Don't remember this face
1	mostly certain. I think I remember this face
0	Not sure. Again, I keep second guessing myself because I don't recognize anyone
1	very. all new guys
1	Fairly certain. Ears.
0	kinda sure. I do not think I saw these faces yesterday
0	not very certain. mi very unsure
1	somewhat certain. I'm really not sure if I'm right or not, but leaning towards right
1	I'm pretty sure about my response.. I definitely saw a guy with the same features before,
1	certain. The neck is long, the high cheek bones, nickname Leroy.
1	about 80%. his face and hair look familiar
0	not sure. looked kind of familiar
0	Don't think any of these were in the lineup. Don't know
0	about half certain. I don't recall these faces, but I'm not entirely sure
1	very. no recognition.
0	Mildly certain.. I remember someone who resembled him.
0	Uncertain. Size, shape, and color of lips
1	I think he was the first photo I was shown.. I believe I saw him earlier and was only shown his photo once or twice.
0	somewhat. everyone is bluing together and starting to look the same
1	pretty certain. I think i remember thinking he was kind of cute
1	Almost certain. . I remember this mans face.
0	Not very much.. He looks like maybe I saw him and the other men look like I definitely did NOT see them.
0	not very. I don't remember any one in the above pics.
0	I am fairly sure. They all look new to me
1	somewhat. he looks familiar.
1	very certain. He looks familiar.
0	Not certain at all. His haircut and dark complexion remind me of an individual I have seen, but I am not sure at all
1	very. The facial features look similar, as well as the asymmetry of his head
1	fairly certain. i font recognize anyone
1	Uncertain. No one looks familiar
0	I think I remember this one, not very certain. I remember his facial features, but I remember that he was smiling.
0	A little unsure. The face doesn't look familiar.
1	Sort of. None look familiar.
1	I am fairly certain. I remember his hair
0	kinda. too many faces
1	75. i font remember these guys
0	Fairly certain. . I remember seeing this face or one similar.
1	almost completely certain. i don't remember seeing anyone in this lineup
0	Fairly certain. I don't recognize any of these faces
1	I am absolutely certain. I remember seeing this person; I noted the shape of his eyes before.
0	Not at all certain.. I truly cannot remember at this point if any of these individuals were in the activity.
0	unsure. I don't recognize anyone.
0	Not very. None seem familiar.
0	I don't recall any of these faces. They are not familiar.
1	Not very certain. All these people look vaguely similar and familiar.
1	not certain. unfamiliar faces.
1	I am fairly certain.. I am fairly certain because I do not recognize the faces shown above.
1	a bit. no one looked more familiar than the others
0	mi almost sure. i feel like i recall seeing the face before
1	I'm almost positive . I don't remember any of them
1	the face looks very similar to the one i seen yesterday . hair cut and the eye shape and color
1	Almost certain. Looks very familiar
1	I definitely don't remember seeing any of these faces. So I'm pretty certain. None of these faces looked familiar to me, but the one on the bottom right might of been my other option.
0	Somewhat certain, his face seems familiar. . I believe that I saw his face yesterday.
0	I think I saw this one. He looks familiar
0	Somewhat. Head position and lighting, again
1	certain. none of those faces looked familiar
0	Not at all. He sort of looks familiar. I remember someone looking like Kenya West.
0	Somewhat certain. I don't think anyone had this haircut.
1	I do not recall any of these faces and I'm pretty certain of that.. I don't recall these faces as they seem to similar I'm pretty certain.
1	not so sure. In not that certain that i saw any of these
1	pretty certain. same eyes and ears, mouth shape.
1	very. I did not see any of these guys bore
1	fairly certain. He looked familiar.
0	kind of. facial hair
1	certain. Looks extremely familiar
1	Pretty certain.. His face looks very familiar
1	I am very certain this man was present before.. He looks exactly like one of the men. I noticed him right away.
1	positive. I am positive this picture was from the series, every time it popped up he reminded me of a famous actor and thatch how I remember that he was from before.
0	somewhat sure. This face seems the most familiar no specific details
0	Moderately certain.. I do not recall any of these faces.
0	Looks somewhat familiar. His head shape looks familiar
1	not very certain. I'm just not sure
1	certain. hair part, eye brows looked familiar.
1	100 percent.. i remember this guy
1	somewhat certain. His face looks a bit familiar with the same look on his face
1	I think I am correct. I don't remember seeing any of these guys
0	Not very. The shirts are throwing me off.
1	very certain. none of these guys have the same features as earlier
1	kind of. no one struck me as familiar
0	shake. I think i remember the dead look in his face
1	just a little certain. I could be thinking of another picture I saw with similar hair
1	mostly certain. None of the facial expressions or features look familiar.
0	somewhat. I recognize the upper half of the face but it's hard to tell without a smile
1	I am mostly certain. I don't think I've seen these guys before, almost positively not.
1	somewhat. had brown hair previously
1	I am 80% certain.. I don't recall seeing any of the above faces.
0	not very. I think I remember someone with that face shape, but not clearly
1	sure. I remember someone who looked like a fat Kenya west
1	Certain. His hair, his eyebrows and eyes, his facial structure.
1	unsure. I'm currently building an idea of who might be previously seen at this point in the study
0	Pretty certain. I recognize his flattened nose.
1	I slightly recall this face. He looks sort of familiar
0	not very certain. I remember seeing someone with big hair but I'm not sure if its this person
1	I am sure that I saw this person previously.. I know that I saw him because I remember thinking that he looked kind of like Kenya West.
0	a little certain. I don't remember seeing a red shirt on anyone
0	I am not very certain but I think I have seen this face before. He just looks familiar from yesterday
1	I'm pretty sure. I remember his chin
1	50. None of these faces look familiar to me
1	his eye and cheek structure . cheek and eye structure
0	uncertain. he looks slightly familiar
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
1	None seem familiar. Do not remember any of these faces
0	I am about 30 percent certain that I saw him yesterday.. He just looks very familiar.
0	maybe I'm not sure. the hair is the same but the expression is different
1	Very sure. None of these faces were in the line up yesterday.
1	somewhat. his very blue eyes look familiar.
1	absolutely sure. i remember his slight faro hair style
0	A little certain. I think this guy was in it, the others weren't and I recall a similar appearance
1	fairly certain. hair and ears.
1	somewhat certain. i do not remember any resemblance to these faces.
0	Somewhat. I think I've seen him before.
0	Somewhat certain. I think I remember his face shape
1	I don't recall any of those faces either. . I still don't recall any
0	Not very certain. I think I recognize his hair
0	not very. don't clearly recognize anyone
0	I don't remember any of these people. I don't remember any of these guys.
1	Certain. He looks like someone familiar based on his hair and facial expression
0	I do not recognize anyone from this group. . None of them look like I have seen them before.
0	pretty sure. don't recognize any of the faces.
0	I am almost certain,. blonde hair.
0	not certain. they all look the same
1	Pretty sure. I remember seeing this face
1	certain. these faces are not familiar as to being seen earlier
1	I'm pretty certain I have seen this face before. . I feel confident about saying I'm pretty certain about seeing this face before.
0	50%. red shirt and faro
0	Somewhat certain.. None of the guys look familiar.
0	No one rings a bell but I'm probably wrong.. I think the expressions and change in lighting is throwing me off
1	pretty sure. none of these faces are familiar
1	Very. I don't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos.
1	somewhat. don't see
1	very certain . don't remember seeing anyone in these pics
0	not very certain. They don't look familiar
1	very certain. clearly remember this face and hair cut
1	looks very familiar. familiar
0	Not so certain, but maybe.. He looks familiar but I'm not exactly sure.
0	somewhat certain. i remember someone having these eyes or similar
0	not very. I don't remember these faces
0	not at all. I really need to see the faces again, I don't remember any of them.
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these faces before
1	Certain. Remember his features
1	I'm fairly certain.. I remember this man's face.
0	I am not very certain at all.. I think I saw that face, but with a different haircut.
1	I am certain. none are familiar.
0	I am uncertain I have seen these faces before.. because none of them seem familiar to me
1	pretty sure. I don't recall seeing any of these people.
0	a little certain. I remember seeing someone with that hair and that stance
0	a bit. no one is familiar.
0	Somewhat certain. . I don't have any familiarity with any of these faces.
0	uncertain. I don't know
0	Not very certain. . Two of these faces look familiar, but I can't place any features that I remember specifically.
1	did not recognize these people. I don't remember these faces at all
1	pretty certain. the face structure and head shape
1	very little. I font recognize anyone
1	Pretty sure I saw this guy yesterday.. I remember his expression.
1	i am sure that he was before. his posture
1	not very. different lighting and facial expression
0	mi not. nobody looks familiar
0	I am just a bit certain that I saw him. . His face is familiar, but I think that his hair was fuller.
1	I am 60 percent certain that I've seen this face.. He looks similar to one of the previous faces but I'm not a 100 percent certain.
1	Definitely saw this guy. Remember the hairdo
0	unsure. I think he looks familiar.
1	I am certain.. I remember this man from yesterday, I recognize his eyes.
1	pretty sure. recognized.
1	very certain. that smug look
1	somewhat. no one is jumping out at me again
0	About 50% certain.. I had to pick between two of them.
1	I am fairly certain I saw this person. I think I remember his bangs
0	maybe. cant remember
1	pretty sure. sure I saw him
0	Very uncertain. . There are two that look like people from before. And it could be none at all.
1	Somewhat certain. His expression looked familiar
1	Pretty certain. I think I have seen this face before
1	100% There was something about this individual that stuck with me when viewing the photos. I remember him because he was half smiling and I thought it was strange that everyone else had a big smile
0	I am fairly certain, however the first man looks familiar. I don't recognize any, but the first guy looks familiar.
1	pretty certain. the eyes
0	Not too certain.. I do not recall any of these photos.
1	extremely certain. I remember this person from before because of his bone structure. I think he was wearing a dress shirt in the previous display of pictures so that made him easier to remember as well.
0	somewhat. no familiar faces
1	Positive. Remember the mustache.
0	somewhat. I don't recognize any of them at all maybe but first impression I didn't so I went with it.
1	Not positive, but I think his photo was shown yesterday.. looks familiar.
0	sort of. I think I remember seeing him and noting the hair.
1	certain. recall the face
0	not certain. i don't remember the face
1	fairly certain. his face looks like one I seen yesterday
1	kinda. double chin
1	very certain. I'm pretty sure I remember seeing him yesterday
1	I am again certain I saw this guy.. He looks like someone I know.
0	not very. I think I remember seeing him
1	uncertain. do not remember any of these faces.
1	very certain. I don't remember any of these guys.
1	I don't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday.. None of these faces look familiar to me.
1	pretty sure. his nose gave him away
0	He looks somewhat familiar. Looks very similar to someone I saw before.
1	very. I recall no people at all
1	I am fairly certain that none of the these faces look familiar. None of these faces look familiar.
1	I'm rather certain. I remember the hair style and face
0	not very. none of them look familiar but I am doubting my memory
1	very certain. none of these people had the same features as earlier
1	Pretty sure. Don't look familiar
1	somewhat. none of them look familiar
1	Moderately certain.. I do not recall seeing any of these faces in the photos.
0	Not even a little. Eyebrows and goatee are familiar
1	Completely certain.. I remember him from the photos.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces. I think I would remember
1	I am fairly certain.. His smile looks familiar, but the face is a little off
0	A little bit. The eyes are familiar, and the hair
0	I'm not really sure but have a feeling.. Its just a feeling.
1	somewhat certain. None of these faces look familiar
1	relatively certain. The hair seems familiar
0	not really. no one rang a bell
1	very. I remember seeing his face yesterday.
0	not very. he looks the most familiar
0	Sort of certain.. I do not recall seeing any of these faces.
0	Not very certain. The individual looks kind of familiar, but I'm not sure.
1	mostly certain. He had a very distinct look.
0	Somewhat certain. His face seemed familiar.
1	Extremely certain. I remember his distinct hair and his eyes.
0	slightly . looks familiar
0	not certain. i font think they are any of the kids
1	very certain. I remember the hair and facial hair as well
1	I'm about 65 percent certain I did not see any of these men.. None of these men look familiar.
1	Pretty sure. That face looks familiar. The others look digital.
1	I don't recall any of these faces. I think I would remember if I saw any of these features
1	very confident. I have no memory of any of these faces
0	unsure. not certain
0	somewhat. looks similar
1	Very certain.. I remember seeing a face that looked like Kenya West, and this individual looks like Kenya West.
0	uncertain. the eyes look slightly familiar
1	fairly certain. I don't recognize any of these people.
0	kind of. none of these guys look familiar
1	Certain. Definitely remember this guy.
1	almost certain. none of these look familiar
0	not very certain. I can't find any familiar faces or features here
1	This person looks like someone from yesterday. the facial expressions and eyes stand out to me
0	Somewhat certain. The man I chose looks familiar but not entirely sure.
0	Not certain at all. Three and five look familiar but I'm really not sure.
1	most. font remember any faces.
1	I'm almost completely certain.. I remember seeing someone like him.
0	I am not confident about this line up. No one here has any features I can remember
1	somewhat certain. none of their faces look familiar to me
0	semi certain. this guy looks kinda familiar
1	More positive than with the last few! Still not absolutely certain, though. The faces are starting to run together and now I'm afraid I just saw him in a previous lineup today.
1	I have not seen any of these people before.. I have not seen them before.
1	i am fairly sure. none of these faces are familiar
0	not very. just feels familiar.
1	Some. None of them look familiar
0	fairly. not completely sure
0	I am very uncertain. the face looks familiar but I am still unsure
1	None of them look like. None of them look like anyone from past survey
1	Pretty Certain. I font think I remember seeing any of these guys.
0	Not very certain. None stand out to me
1	80% Sure. I don't feel like I've seen any of these people.
0	Very unsure. Seems familiar, but unsure
0	somewhat. no familiar faces
0	not really certain about this one. I think his hair looks familiar.
0	I do not remember any of these faces. None of the faces stand out as one that I have seen or spark any memory
1	I'm confident that I've seen this person earlier.. This person looks very similar to an individual that I know, and I recognize the photo from earlier.
1	I think this was one of the guys.. I am almost sure.
1	Very sure. I don't recall these faces.
0	not certain at all. He looks familiar in his face but I am not sure
1	very certain. I definitely recognize this face as previously seen. Same look on face and hair.
1	Pretty sure. I don't recognize anyone.
0	unsure. I really studied the faces yesterday and nothing stands out here.
1	Fairly certain. Not totally sure, because I think he was smiling in
1	CERTAIN. I REMEMBER THE NECK
0	They don't look familiar. I haven't seen this photo before.
0	Again, not for sure but he looks familiar. . His eyes look familiar.
0	i don't know. I don't think any of these guys look familiar
0	Not Certain. I just do not recognize any of these people.
0	Low certainty.. I don't remember any of these individuals in particular.
0	Not certain. I don't think I recognize any of them but I'm not sure.
1	mi pretty certain. I font recognize anyone
1	kind of certain. I don't remember any of these guys.
1	kinda sure. these faces do not look familiar
1	I clearly remember seeing him.. I clearly remember the facial features and haircut.
0	fairly. looks similar
0	Partially. Face seems familiar compared to the others.
1	Moderately certain. I don't remember seeing any of the men in these photos
1	I feel like I'm 80% it's not present, but one face looks kind of familiar but I'm choosing that it's not.. I feel like the people I have seen are not present but the person on the second row in the middle is giving me a hard to as to if I've seen him or not.
0	A little certain. His face shape and eyes look familiar.
1	not sure. nothing familiar
1	certain. remember the slight lean
1	i do not recall these men. i do not recall these men
0	I think I saw this guy, but I could be wrong. I am not 100% sure.
1	Reasonably. None of these faces look at all familiar
1	I'm fairly certain. . I don't exactly remember them from yesterday
1	I am certain I have not seen these guys. I have not seen them.
1	pretty sure. I'm sure
1	His face is plain. I remember a face that looked kind of plain
1	I'm pretty certain that he was in the lineup.. I recognize the face and hair, but the shirt is different.
0	I am not fully certain. His face looks the most familiar but I think it was a different picture of him
1	pretty certain. I seem to recall him
0	somewhat certain. i remember someone with facial hair that looked like this
0	not very certain. I can't be sure, some of the pictures are vaguely familiar but I can't be sure
1	Certain. No one is present from lineup.
0	I think I saw him, but not sure.. I am not at all sure I saw him.
1	I remember this face. I remember seeing this face yesterday so I am pretty sure
1	semi . nose looks familiar
0	I am not sure. Not sure if I remember him of is because I found him attractive
1	I'm like 80% on this one. I seem to remember him based on his facial hair
0	Not very certain at all.. I think I remember he had a pointier head.
1	fairly. don't see any familiar face
0	somewhat. I don't recognize anyone
0	Not sure at all. . I think I saw this guy yesterday, but I'm not positive.
1	fairly. he looked vaguely familiar, plus I swear I saw the same hair on one of the original photos
1	I made this decision very quickly. I am almost 100% certain I saw his face yesterday. . The hair cut is unique, skin tone matches, shape of face and set of the eyes are all familiar.
0	None of these faces look familiar. I don't recognize any of the faces
0	I think i remember him. I remember seeing him i think
1	I'm fairly certain that the gentleman I chose above is one that I saw in yesterday's lineup.. I remembered thinking yesterday that he was a really good looking guy, so I just remembered his face pretty well.
0	Fairly certain. None look familiar.
0	LITTLE CERTAIN. FONT REMEMBER SEEING ANY OF THESE FACES
1	I'm pretty certain.. I do not remember any of their faces.
0	I think I am certain.. I just don't recognize any of these faces.
0	I am fairly certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	Kind of sure.. I think I remember seeing that haircut (especially the sideburns) and eyebrows. He looks like a frat guy, and I remember thinking that about someone yesterday.
0	maybe 30% certain. I don't recognize any of their lips. I was focusing on remembering lips and eyebrows
1	moderately. I remember Goatee Guy, but there are two similar looking guys
1	I do not know. Black people are hard to pick out
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
1	I am about 70% sure. The shirt and facial features stand out to me.
0	I'm not certain but the nose looks familiar. nose appears familiar
1	pretty certain. I think I saw him.
1	certain. These face so not look familiar
0	pretty certain. looks familiar
1	fairly certain. i remember thinking he looks like Kenya west
1	Positive. Showed up often
0	unsure. unsure i have seen him
0	not certain. kind of remember his face
1	i think. i think i recognize this guy
0	Middle of the road. The jawline looks familiar
0	somewhat certain. not sure I have seen any of these before
0	I kind of think I saw this person.. His facial structure reminds me of some of the people I saw earlier.
0	a little certain. I don't remember seeing any of them
0	unsure. not certain
1	reasonably certain. i immediately noticed that this individual looks familiar
0	50 percent certain. . font recognize them
1	Fairly confident. I remember the shape of his face and eyes
1	pretty certain. I do not recognize any of them
0	not very certain. Nobody seems memorable
0	Not sure at all. I don't think I recognize any of these people
1	Certain. I recognize his eyes.
0	somewhat. not remembering anyone
0	Not very. I do not recognize any of the faces from before.
1	very certain. i am certain
1	Absolutely certain. . He looks like Kenya West, and I remember him during the activity.
0	Not Sure. Don't remember
0	not very. some of them kinda look familiar but not really
1	slightly positive. I remember the mustache
1	confident I have not seen these ones. In sure because I font recall theses head shapes
0	Again, I don't think these guys look familiar.. I don't think I saw the yesterday, they seem like new people to me.
0	not at all certain. i font' think there were black guys in my lineup
1	I do not recall any of these faces.. Pretty sure I did not see any of these faces yesterday.
1	not very. hair looks familiar but otherwise I am not certain.
1	pretty sure. remember the hair.
1	I recall this face, because he struck me as handsome. thin face, pointed chin, light facial hair
0	not very certain. I believe this face is familiar, I believe I saw it yesterday
0	NOT. NOT
1	none look familiar. I font recall any of these faces
1	I remember seeing this gentleman. I remember his face.
1	I am certain. none of these faces seem familiar to me.
1	I feel pretty confident that I've seen this guy earlier in the study. The jawline & cheekbones are distinctive and seem familiar, as does the shape of the eyebrows and the penetrating eyes.
0	not sure at all. nothing stands out
0	Half certain. I don't recall seeing any of these people previously.
0	Not certain at all. I feel like I remember slightly the upward look
1	None of the males look familiar in this lineup.. I am almost certain that none of these were present because they do not look familiar at all.
1	60 percent. his hair and eyes looked familiar
1	I am 100% as I thought he was really cute. . I remembered his photo.
0	Image looks familiar but I do not specifically remember the face from the photo. see above
0	I don't remember seeing any of these men yesterday.. They don't stand out to me at all.
1	I am pretty certain that none of these people have been previously witnessed. I don't remember any of these people.
0	somewhat. not very sure
0	Could have seen him?. In really not confident that Ice seen him
0	Decent certainty, but one face seems vaguely familiar, just slightly off.. None felt strong enough matches.
1	a little certain. no one jumps out at me
0	Maybe 50-50. The eyebrows and ears seem familiar
1	Certain. I don't see a face I recognize
0	they look different than I remember. cant recognize
0	eh kind of. i notice hair more, no hair differences.
1	They are similar but I am not remembering completely.. He looks like the one I remember out of all of them.
1	somewhat certain. I have two choices of mugshots that look familiar so In unsure I selected the correct option
0	Not at all certain. Have a feeling I've seen him before
0	not very. I didn't recognize any of the guys.
1	think so. faro.
0	slightly. not for sure but remember a mustache
1	Somewhat certain. I don't remember any of these faces
0	not very certain. this guy looks somewhat familiar
1	it was the same face. it was the same face
1	i am certain. i never saw these faces
0	Not sure. Again, I keep second guessing myself because I don't recognize anyone
1	Very. I remember thinking how round his hair was.
1	I am absolutely certain. I do not recognize any of the faces above.
0	slightly certain. not total sure
1	very. after looking over his face i knew i recognized him.
0	unsure. I font recognize any of them
1	Very certain. None of the pictures above look familiar
1	I font recall any of them. I font remember any of the faces
0	Somewhat certain. Seems familiar
1	I am almost certain I saw this yesterday. . The eyebrows are what I remember about this person.
0	I wouldn't sweat to it. I think he looks familiar, but not sure.
1	I don't recall any of these faces.. I do not believe that I've seen any of these faces previously.
0	Fairly certain. Size of nose and cheek bone structure.
0	not that sure. i remember similar facial hair.
1	I am pretty sure I haven't seen these faces.. I don't believe I have seen any of the faces.
0	Person has a nicer clean look.. Person is smaller then the other pictures provided.
1	I'm pretty certain.. I remember seeing this guy because I thought he looked like Kenya West.
1	certain. font remember any of these faces.
0	Not very certain. All the faces look about the same, so I can't decide if I saw them or not.
1	pretty certain. remember this one =
0	mostly certain. I did not recognize any of the faces.
0	I am a little certain.. He seemed to stick out and look familiar to me.
0	Not certain. Just a hunch
0	Slightly certain.. I don't specifically remember any of these people. A few I could have seen, but I'm not sure.
1	remember. he had a chain
1	pretty sure. I'm pretty sure I remember that beard
0	50%. looks like one of the subjects but not sure
1	I am confident I have never seen them before. The head shapes are all similar here
0	Not very. They are all wearing the same thing
0	maybe. could be someone I saw yesterday
1	I am a little more certain of this one, but certainly wouldn't bet my lunch on it.. Just seems to match what I remember from yesterday.
1	I remember seeing this one. I recognize the facial hair and features
1	I am almost certain. The darkness of his skin
1	reasonably certain. same face.
0	Not certain at all.. I can not pick out a person above that was present. None of the faces seem familiar.
1	I am VERY certain. these faces seem unfamiliar yet again
0	slightly certain. he looks familiar, maybe with different hair.
1	Absolutely certain.. Because I remember him being one of the first people presented in the photos.
0	I am pretty certain I haven't seen any of the people above before. No one looks familiar
1	Completely. I remember his hair.
0	somewhat . none look familiar
1	pretty certain. none of them look familiar.
1	certain. Almost positive I remember this person
0	I font remember seeing any of these. I really just don't remember
1	I am pretty sure I remember this guy.. I remember him because he looks like the actor from Blast from the Past.
1	Absolutely certain.. I remember his goatee and face shape.
1	relatively.. The facial features don't match up.
1	i don't remember any of these guys. no recognizable traits
0	Not certain at all. I slightly think I have seen his face but I am not sure
1	pretty certain. I remember his haircut and eyes but he was wearing a different shirt
1	Totally. I saw him
1	somewhat. With the head tilt, hair and nose reminds me of one in the previous lineup
1	Sort of certain. I feel like I have seen this guy's hairstyle before
0	somewhat. pretty sure i remember this person
0	Not very certain. I don't remember any of the faces there
1	very certain. these guys font look familiar.
0	I am not really that postie on this one, I clicked on the one i thought i had seen. In really not sure. He looks familiar like i had seen him in the lineup last night
1	Very certain. I have never seen these men.
1	absolutely sure. The skin, hair, eyes and mouth i remember
0	Not too certain. His face is familiar, but hard to place.
0	In kind of sure. He looked vaguely familiar.
0	Somewhat certain. I know one of these was in the lineup but the faces are really similar
1	positive. stern brow.
0	Not certain. He looks similar to one of the 2ND set
1	75%. eyes and hair, race are familiar
1	Very certain. His head is kinda pointy.
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	very. i recognized him.
1	Completely certain. I know that I saw this man in the previous photos. I remember his jawline and his eyes.
1	fairly certain. he seems familiar
0	"not sure!. i don't recognize any of these faces but i am pretty sure i wouldn't be getting this many ""not present"" rounds"
1	completely certain. i don't recall any of these faces
1	very. i remember his eyes.
1	Very certain. Stood out immediately
0	kind of certain . no one looks familiar
1	I don't think I've seen any of these. . None of them look familiar.
1	I'm fairly certain I saw this person.. I think I recognize his hair mainly.
1	unsure. don't recognize any faces
0	Very uncertain. . All the men in the line up have the same look. Hair color and hairstyle are very similar. I am having real trouble deciding which one I saw yesterday
1	I do not recognize any of them. . No details stand out.
1	certain. Did not recognize any faces from the line up.
0	not sure, they look all similar. i could not remember
1	"Trident goatee, short hair. ""Trident"" goatee isn't hard to forget. Hair is short."
0	uncertain. noon here looks familiar
1	Very. None look familiar
1	I am not to certain. I font recall any of the features on these ones.
1	fairly. none look similar
1	pretty certain.. same facial hair and look on his face.
1	No one looks familiar to me. They don't look familiar
1	I don't recall seeing any of those men earlier.. None of their facial features match what I remember from the earlier photo set.
0	not very certain. I think I remember someone with a head shaped like his
1	he was on the first pictures. I remember his face
1	Pretty sure. I don't remember seeing any of those faces.
0	it was the same face. it was the same face
1	Certain. I remember this particular hairstyle.
1	positive. i didn't see any of them yesterday survey
1	certain. font recall face
1	Very certain. I know I have not seen any of these faces.
1	I font see any one familiar. I font remember seeing any of these guys
1	I'm fairly certain. . I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	I don't recognize any of these faces. They all look weird and digitally modified.
1	Certain. I don't really remember any of these guys.
0	not certain. I don't recognize any of them.
0	Not certain. None of these guys look familiar.
1	very certain. He is not present
1	certain. not totally sure
1	Pretty sure. He looks a bit different from his earlier photo, but I think it's him.
1	I'm only a little certain.. This man look familiar but I'm not sure I saw him in the previous photos.
0	I think I remember this guy, but I'm only somewhat certain. I think I remember this person's chin from the lineup, but that is obviously a small detail for it to hinge on
0	Slightly certain, but not very. I think I recognize the haircut.
1	Very. I have never seen these people before
1	mi so close. i remember eyes like that and the jaw line
1	A Bout 60 percent. He looks familiar to me
1	Certain. The hair and nose are the same.
0	Not very certain. I don't really recognize any of them
1	quite certain. his smile
0	uncertain. I can't remember any of these.
0	pretty. looks familiar
1	Somewhat certain. None of these faces look familiar
1	not really sure but I think I saw him . His facial features - ears, eyes and head shape seem familiar
1	Very. None of them are recognizable as those in the line up.
1	I think I may have seen him in the previous faces.. His hair looks familiar.
0	not very. he looks familiar to me
0	Somewhat uncertain. The man's face I chose is very familiar, and I know I saw a face that looked similar to that.
1	Somewhat certain.. Again, none look overly familiar.
1	don't recall any of these. no traits that i recall
1	very. none of them look familiar
0	Kind of certain. I don't recognize any of them
1	I'm about 80% sure none of these guys were in the first line up. . None of their details stand out to me.
1	pretty sure. none of these men look familiar
0	Mostly certain. I don't recognize any of these people.
0	Fairly uncertain.. The haircut and expression seem familiar, and maybe the eyes, but most of these images have similar haircuts.
1	somewhat certain. facial hair.
1	certain. don't recall seeing
1	very certain. i have seen this face
1	None of these faces look familiar so pretty sure. None seem any bit familiar
0	not at all. I remember several of the guys having longer hair, so I selected him based on that.
1	pretty sure. font recognize
0	I think he is one of the people I saw. He looks slightly familiar, and the other guys have characteristics that I think I would remember. The one guy has a really pointy head, another has a big head, another has tiny ears. I think I remember seeing the guy because I liked his eyes.
0	pretty sure. I think i recognize this person's eyes
1	I am almost certain he was in the lineup yesterday. The color of his hair is familiar, his eyes are familiar, his expression is familiar.
1	UN certain. not sure if i saw them. I have seen a lot of different faces at this point.
1	I'm pretty certain these men were not shown. None of them look familiar at all
0	Not very certain.. The beard.
1	pretty sure. none of these guys look familiar.
1	certain. was in previous pictures
0	A little certain. . I feel this face is familiar. I think I may have seen this face yesterday.
1	I am certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these men above.
1	moderately. i remember this naan
1	I feel a little more than halfway sure. . The nose looks familiar.
1	very certain. none look familiar.
1	None look familiar. I do not remember any of these
1	kinda certain. the facial hair looks familiar
1	very certain. He looks kinda like Kenya
1	A little certain.. I don't think I remember any of those faces.
0	Decently. none
1	Very certain. None of the faces pictured above look remotely familiar.
1	looks similar to a face I saw previously. the red shirt
1	I am certain.. I nicknamed some of the faces and I remember this one as Kenya West.
0	slightly certain. These faces do not look familiar
1	pretty certain. I don't think I saw any.
1	I am pretty certain.. The facial expression in particular seems very familiar.
1	pretty sure. i remember his short neck
0	Somewhat certain . The face looks a little familiar from the faces I saw previously
0	mesh pretty unsure. he's a little familiar. but now I'm reaching because i feel very uncertain that no one would be the correct
1	kind of. smug look.
1	I'm almost certain.. I didn't recognize anyone.
0	Not certain.. Again, I can't tell
1	Not a valuable witness.. Same reason
0	Somewhat certain. The one on the bottom-right looks familiar but I don't really remember seeing any of these people
0	somewhat certain. facial hair.
0	I am not too certain of the choice I made due to confusion of the instructions.. I am confused as to which study I should refer to in regards to answer this present question.
1	I don't recognize anyone. Because, they all have different facial features.
1	I am almost positive I have seen this one. the face seems to stick out in my mind.
0	Not very certain of my answer.. The first two kinda look familiar but not really sure.
1	somewhat certain. The goatee and hairline of this person looks similar to one of the pictures shown before
0	Maybe half certain.. There is nothing specific, other than I feel like I recognize the face
0	I'm not certain. Maybe 30%.. I don't recall any of these faces, but the facial expressions could be throwing me off.
1	I am completely sure I remember him.. I definitely remember that exact face and expression.
0	not very. this person looks familiar, but now I'm not sure if i saw him in the first phase or in the lineup phase (or both i suppose).
1	Somewhat certain. I feel like I have seen him and his hair before.
1	I remember this guy. The hair and the face are recognizable
1	certain. remember facial features
1	fairly sure. I am fairly sure I saw this face
1	I remember seeing this face in yesterdays lineup. . I remember his hair and face from the lineup.
0	not at all. they all look the same
0	not really . I am not really sure if I saw this one.
1	Less certain than before. i don't remember everyone wearing the same shirt yesterday
1	I am certain.. I recognize the hair and the face.
1	60. His eyebrows look familiar to me.
1	I am somewhat certain.. I thought I remember seeing him.
1	certain. one looked slightly familiar.
1	I am fairly certain about my selection. I recall seeing this man before.
0	I'm about 40% certain that I recognize his face. . I don't really have specifics other than his smile. I do feel like I've seen his face and that he was smiling in the first set of photos.
0	Not very. There were a lot of faces, and I'm having trouble remembering some.
1	fairly certain. i remember his face
1	I'm fairly certain I've seen that person in the previous pictures.. He has similar features as the previous pictures.
1	not certain. I kind of remember his face.
1	not too certain. I don't think I saw any of them yesterday
1	very certain this is one. I recognize his face
0	fairly certain. do not recognize any of the faces.
1	i haven seen these pics. mi sure i have not seen these pics.
1	I am positive I saw him yesterday.. He stood out to me yesterday. Just his hair and general appearance. I remember thinking he looked like he was from the 1970's.
1	Not certain. Not seeing anything familiar here.
1	Very certain. The dramatic eyebrows of the above lineup are strikingly different from the faces I remember.
0	not very certain. he looks vaguely familiar, but not certain
1	I'm certain. I remember him
1	Moderately Certain. I recognized the lip shape, the slightly raised but thicker eyebrows, and the facial hair thickness.
0	Not sure. I do not recognize any of these faces
1	I'm almost 100% sure I saw him yesterday.. I really recognize his face.
1	Uncertain. Don remember the faces
0	not very. they all look the same
0	certain. I don't remember this
0	NOT. NOT
1	i believe i saw him yesterday. His eye shape seems very distinctive and i believe i saw him yesterday
1	I am pretty certain I didn't see them.. I don't recall any of those faces.
1	Mostly. His nose looks familiar
0	a little. I remember kind eyes on one
1	Fairly certain I've seen him. His face and eyes
1	Very certain. I have seen him before
1	I'm mostly certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
0	I just have a vague memory of seeing him. I can't say much beyond having a vague recollection
1	Pretty certain. None of them look familiar.
0	I am half certain of this choice. These faces do not seem familiar from either study
1	Fairly certain. I remember the haircut, chin, and facial hair.
1	Certain. They weren't show before.
0	not terribly. seems somewhat familiar, set of the eyes
0	This is very tough. Not positive at all. I don't think I recall seeing any of these men though.
0	33%. I was told to
1	pretty sure. i seen a man in a red shirt but the faces are not ringing a bell
1	I'm almost positive.. I remember his haircut and his cheekbones.
0	I might have seen him.. His facial hair looks familiar.
1	about fifty-fifty. I think I'm right, but not sure
0	Very uncertain. I wonder if I saw him in a previous lineup, not the original pics
0	Not very certain. . This man has similar features to some of the men I saw, but I don't remember him specifically.
1	Most certain.. I don't remember seeing anyone with the hair or facial features of these guys yesterday.
0	slightly. Nobody looks familiar enough for me to be certain.
0	I am not very certain at all.. I am not sure if that man was pictured previously, but he appears to seem very familiar. His eyes are what I feel like I am remembering.
1	Absolutely. I recognize his distinctive hairline and eye shape.
1	mostly certain. I feel like I paid pretty good attention to the faces, and I don't recall seeing any of the ones above
1	The person has a smaller head.. The person is not present 2 times.
1	5 out of 10. unsure
1	Again, only slightly. Most were looking dead ahead like this guy
1	In a little more confidant I saw this one. I think I recall the hairline and small eyes and chubby cheeks
1	I don't remember any of these people. because none of them spark a memory
1	very certain. I don't remember anyone with a pointy skull
1	certain. Seems familiar
1	I'm not 100% certain but I don't think I saw any of these people previously.. I saw some people with similar hair styles but I don't believe the eyes or other features are anyone I previously saw.
0	not very certain. i don't remember any of these faces
0	I am not very certain but something in his eyes looks familiar. His eyes. I think if he was in my pics he had a different expression
1	Extremely. Did not see him
0	Uncertain. Their facial hair doesn't look familiar
1	positive. never seen these guys before
1	maybe. not sure
1	I am 100% certain I saw this face previously.. I very vividly remember seeing this face.
1	Quite certain. I remember the particular shape of his nostrils/nose
1	very certain. i saw this face.
0	I'm not certain at all.. I don't remember any of these faces.
0	font know . font know
1	I am very certain. . I do not recall seeing this person yesterday.
1	50/50. none of these faces look familiar
1	Very certain. This guy was frowning like this in all of his pictures.
1	Pretty sure.. I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	I am certain. He's a pretty good-looking guy, so I remember him.
0	not very certain. I don't remember any of these pictures
1	certain. I feel I haven't seen them before.
0	slightly sure. I think I remember this one
0	somewhat. again, none of these faces look familiar
1	certain. don't remember any of them
1	VERY. I REMEMBER NONE OF THESE GUYS
1	fairly certain. I did not recognize the faces.
0	uncertain. unsure
0	10. Not very sure
0	I am not very certain.. The haircut seems very familiar, but they all have it. The faces don't seem very familiar.
1	I'm pretty certain about this one. I don't remember seeing any of these men before when being listed.
0	pretty sure. just didn't look familiar.
0	I think this guy had on a plaid shirt before, but I can't be certain.. I'm not certain that I saw the person in the picture.
0	Not sure at all. I think he looks familiar due to his face
1	very. face structure is wrong
0	I am certain.. I don't remember any of these characteristics.
1	I'm pretty sure I saw him previously.. I remember his facial hair.
1	pretty sure. I don't recognize any of them
0	Not certain at all. I'm going back and forth on one of the faces but am leaning towards not having seen him
1	Pretty certain. I remember his haircut and how it went up in the front
1	Somewhat certain.. His hair and face shape look familiar.
1	almost certain. because I'm almost certain
1	slightly. looks kind of familiar.
1	I am about 75% certain I did not see any of these men.. I do not remember any of them.
1	fairly certain. didn't recognize any faces
1	Certain. Don't recognize anybody.
1	Very certain. I remember him because I thought he looked like Puff Daddy.
0	Not very. Similar looking individuals in the lineup
1	pretty certain. I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	somewhat certain. Don remember these people
0	Fairly certain. I believe this face to be familiar, like I saw it yesterday.
1	somewhat certain. looks familiar
1	I'm 80 percent certain.. None of these faces look familiar but I might not remember them.
1	remember. ch way his hair is
0	very little. he looks familiar but I am not sure
1	I am pretty certain I saw that man.. I feel like I remember his face from yesterday.
1	Boone stands out to be so I font think I saw any yesterday.. None of the faces look familiar.
1	certain. they don't look familiar.
1	I do not think I saw any of these men. None of the faces look familiar.
1	very. font remember any of these
0	wow, this is hard. slightly sure. they do not stand out in my mind
1	90%. I recall his expression
1	He looks really familiar. Not the others at all. . Some of his facial features really stood out.
0	not very certain. he seems familiar but cant be sure
1	certain. i remember his face
0	somewhat certain. i don't remember these faces
1	certain. These faces don't look familiar
0	a little certain. something about his face seems familiar
1	sure. not sure
0	Not sure at all. In starting to feel like I've just simply forgotten who I saw but again none look familiar
0	Not very certain. He kind looks familiar if he were smiling
0	I do not remember seeing any of these faces. None of these faces stand out
0	A little certain. The man looks a little familiar.
0	I am not certain I saw this person. This person does look slightly familiar, but once again I am not 100% sure.
0	not very certain. this gentleman's appearance looks very similar to one of the previous pictures
1	very certain. i remember the shape of his chin and facial hair.
1	I am pretty sure.. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	uncertain. looks similar to someone i sea in photos
1	sure. i font recognize any
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
0	somewhat. I think I saw him wearing a different shirt
1	slightly certain. I think I saw this man yesterday.
1	very. I recognize him
0	Not very certain about this one. He looks like Kobe Bryant. That is what jogs my memory
1	Pretty sure. I do not recognize any of these faces
0	he seems familiar but I'm not sure. he was smiling yesterday but the face looks the same
1	I am fairly certain.. His overall stance and facial features stand out.
1	Reasonably certain. I nicknamed that one stoned black guy before. He looks stoned now, but pretty sure that is him
0	I don't remember any of the faces above.. None of the faces pictured seem familiar to me, I don't remember them.
0	Not very sure. Two seem familiar, but I'm not sure if it's them.
1	fairly certain. do not remember seeing any of them.
0	Not sure at all. Looks vaguely familiar
1	At this point not certain at all.. Yeah remembering back now is getting harder.
1	I do not remember seeing anyone similar to anyone in the lineup. I just don't remember seeing these faces
0	i am fairly uncertain . i don't remember anyone of this particular coloration (dark hair, dark eyes, olive skin) in the photos from yesterday, but I'm not confident I'm not just mistaken
1	Definitely!. Hard to say, I just remember his face!
0	a bit. don't seem familiar
0	only slightly certain. hair color, style, mouth.
0	not certain. don't think I saw him
1	fairly. Nobody looks familiar
1	These men all look similar but they don't look familiar. . They are not familiar and don't have features I remember.
1	very certain. none of these were shown.
1	sure. they don't look familiar at all to me
1	I'm most certain so far about this face. . His hair is very unique.
0	looks somewhat familiar. looks familiar
1	pretty certain. noon looked familiar.
0	very uncertain. looks a little familiar but I could be wrong
1	moderately certain. The hair is shorter but the nose and eyes look similar to the pictures shown before
0	uncertain. no recollection of any of these faces
0	don't recognize anybody.... Not really sure - I don't think any face from original lineup is here...
0	20%. I was told to
0	a little bit. I think it was the first guy
1	Very. None of these faces are familiar.
0	20 percent. His eyes looked somewhat familiar but I'm not sure
0	fairly certain. none look familiar.
1	Certain. His nose and the area between the mouth and nose.
1	I am 100 percent positive I saw him yesterday.. I know for sure he was included yesterday because he looks like Kenya West!
1	kinda. I think he was smiling before.
1	Pretty certain. None of them look familiar at all.
0	not certain at all. there were two faces that both seemed somewhat familiar
1	mi not. I font recognize anyone
1	I am somewhat confident.. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Kind of but not really.. They don't look familiar.
1	Certain. I recognize his hair and his facial expression.
1	pretty certain. I didn't see anyone who looked like these six.
1	totally. the placement of the mouth, the hair and eyes. i remember thinking this one looked a bit mentally handicapped.
0	not very certain. he seems a little familiar
0	I am not very certain at all. I don't recall seeing any of the haircuts that were shown, but I'm having a difficult time remembering
0	I'm not sure. I don't remember a lot of the faces which is making me second guess my choice.
1	somewhat certain. the pale face and dark around the eyes looks similar
1	somewhat certain. none of them ring a bell
0	not very. I don't recognize any of them.
1	somewhat. none of these faces look familiar
1	I am certain I do not remember these faces.. These faces do not seem familiar.
0	almost certain. do not remember any of them.
1	certain. i saw this face.
1	I am certain that I have not witnessed any of these people before. I don't remember any of their faces.
1	he stood out right away. i recognized the jawline.
0	I think I remember seeing him. He looks familiar but I cant say that In absolutely positive
1	very certain. his eyes are familiar.
0	I don't recall any of these faces, a couple seem somewhat familiar but I can't justify clicking on them.. I don't recall these faces one or two seem like I may have seen them before but it's not substantial.
1	moderately. I'm almost sure I've never seen any of these men before
1	very. none are familiar.
1	I don't recall any of these men from the photos yesterday . None of these men look familiar
1	I'm kind of certain. I remember the hair
1	pretty certain. I definitely remember this face
1	I don't recognize any of the faces from yesterday. These photos don't seem familiar
0	Somewhat certain. I remember the hairstyle, pretty sure I saw this guy from a different angle
1	I'm positive this man is the same as a photo from yesterday. He has these eyes, very big and unique
0	Not very certain at all. The photo feels like it looks familiar, but I really have no idea.
1	pretty certain. none seem familiar
1	fairly. The hairstyle looks familiar
0	Not very. I didn't recognize any, but that doesn't mean they are not present
1	very certain. awkward smile from the previous test
1	Pretty sure. His facial structure looks very familiar as does his facial expression.
0	pretty certain. i font see a face i saw in the line up.
0	not very. some of them kinda look familiar
0	somewhat sure. not sure on details
1	mi almost certain. he looks very familiar
1	Completely certain. Recognize the face, hair and eyebrows
1	75%, he looks familiar.. The other guys I don't recall at all.
0	Kind of certain. I think I recognize his eyes
1	Looks like someone I saw. Looks similar
0	slight. very similar
0	Not very certain. No features or men stick out to me as familiar
0	I'm not entirely sure about this one. He seems familiar, but so does the one above him.
1	certain. none of these faces are familiar as to seeing earlier
0	a little. does not look familiar
0	Not very certain at all. There are a couple that look familiar, but I wouldn't be able to choose just one, so I don't think I've seen any of them before.
1	i am very certain . he has a particular look in his eye that i remember, and i remembered him especially because he's handsome
0	kind of sure. he has a familiar face
1	Somewhat certain.. I think I have seen his face before. The expression feels familiar.
1	I am very certain. I remember his picture
0	somewhat. no one looks familiar.
0	not extremely sure.. He looks familiar.
0	I am not all that certain. He seemed vaguely familiar but I could be making that up.. I just think I remember seeing him.
1	I'm not totally sure, but I'm somewhat sure. I don't recognize any of the faces.
0	I don't remember any of these guys.. I think they all look a little like the same person.
1	fairly certain. Don't remember any of these people.
1	mostly certain. I remember this guys chin being tilted up like that and thought he was arrogant looking.
0	somewhat. None of these guys stand out as people I'm familiar with, but I feel like there's a slight resemblance possibly with a few
0	I am not very certain. None of these men look familiar.
0	Not very. No one looks familiar, but I'm not positive.
1	Very certain. I know I saw him
1	I'm very certain. I remember seeing him for sure
1	Don recognize any of them. Nope none of these guys were in yesterdays lineup
1	I know I've seen this guy. I remember him. He was in a white shirt.
0	somewhat certain. he looks somewhat familiar, more familiar than the others
0	not super certain, but i feel like he may have been there. i think i recognize that face but I'm bad at faces
1	Pretty certain. I remember the square jaw.
1	pretty certain. I don't feel I recognize any of them.
1	Certain. . He was wearing a plaid shirt in the original picture.
1	pretty grayish. These guys are mostly distinct and I don't remember them. One dude is a bit generic
1	very certain. I remembered him because he looks like someone I know.
0	I am zero percent certain. I can't recall any of these faces but I'm not certain.
1	fairly certain. Face is similar.
0	Not very certain. The first picture looks familiar but not enough for me to commit to a guess
1	Pretty Sure. I remember.
1	Certain. Looks like a guy I know in particular.
1	very. i remember him in the white t shirt
0	might remember him. his fluffy hair
1	very certain. I don't remember any of these guys.
1	not recognizing anyone here. font remember any of them.
1	pretty sure. none of these guys look familiar.
1	I'm quite certain, though others shown bear a resemblance to other pictures. The slight direction he is looking, angle of his chin, and his eyes and ears look like the one I have seen before.
0	Not certain at all.. I am just not sure if I saw any of them or not.
1	Fairly certain. He is the only one I kind of recognize
1	fairly certain. recognize face
1	I am uncertain. The faces all seem unfamiliar at this point and they are each similar in nature
1	I don't recognize any faces with a fair amount of certainty . None of these faces are familiar
1	almost positive I remember his face. He looks like someone I used to know
1	quite a bit. a guy looked like he wanted to laugh
1	certain. vie seen him before
1	somewhat certain. I don't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
0	uncertain. I seem to recall someone with crooked features.
1	face looks familiar . the facial features look very familiar
1	I'm 60 percent certain.. None of these faces look familiar but I might not remember them.
1	I am very certain of this person in the lineup. Facial features recognition.
1	100 percent sure. I remember him because he looks similar to a sports athlete I admire
0	not very certain. nobody stands out as memorable
0	not very certain. None of them look familiar.
0	uncertain. I font recall any of these faces.
0	He rings a bell a little bit.. The stern look, hair and face look familiar.
1	certain. font remember any of them
1	60. i remember him
0	font know. font know
1	somewhat. nothing in the facial structure is standing out to me
1	fairly certain. The hair is familiar
0	He just seems similar. His hairstyle makes me think he was one of them
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
1	Mostly Certain. I remember the face selected because of the droopy eyes. Even though there was more of a smile in the first picture, the eyes are still droopy here. The same lightly spike hair is present too.
1	fairly certain. It's the guy that kinda looks like Kenya.
0	not certain . font really remember seeing this person
0	Mildly familiar / mildly certain. His face looks mildly familiar.
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
1	not sure. I don't remember any of them but now I worry if I remember anyone
1	pretty certain. remember him
1	I am almost completely certain. I remember the shape of his head, it looks almost egg like.
0	i think so. looks like one of the men
1	certain. I remember his eyes.
1	Pretty certain. I remember a calm face.
1	not entirely sure, but they look familiar. facial figures, cheek bone structure
0	no sure. I don't recall any details about any of these people
0	Not certain. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	certain. in the original picture I saw I thought he looked a little like Prince
1	The hair. Afro and facial hair
0	not certain at all. I remember someone looking familiar but not sure
1	In somewhat certain due to the darker complexion. The person is of darker complexion compared to the others pictured.
1	I don't remember any of these faces. I again remember the color scheme but none of the faces are matching
0	I am about 50% certain. I remember someone with similar facial hair I believe
0	Not sure. Just a guess
0	Not at all. I don't remember these guys.
1	Very Certain. I know for sure that I saw him
1	very certain. hair style, eyes, facial hair
0	Semi Certain. He looks the least photo shopped.
1	very certain. nose and eyes
0	Not very certain.. This face feels much more familiar than the rest, but, full disclosure, this one image did also load like 3 full seconds before anything else on the page and drew my attention first. Also, though, his eyes look very sad and that feels familiar.
1	somewhat. Familiar, but cannot remember exactly
1	Very. He reminds me of Bruno Mars
1	Not certain. The and head tilt.
0	not at all. I font recognize anyone
1	Pretty sure.. I remember he Just looks like he's trying to get one over on me.
1	I am fairly certain I didn't see these faces.. I don't remember anyone looking like these people.
1	pretty certain. I think he was wearing a white shirt but he looks like someone famous
1	iffy. don't recognize anyone
1	I'm 60 percent certain.. Looks similar to previous face but he was smiling so I can't be too sure it was him.
1	kind of. this seems deliberate
1	I font remember any of these faces. nothing looks familiar
1	I feel pretty certain on remembering him from yesterday.. He had lighter skin tone and bright eyes with high arching eyebrows.
0	I'm not certain at all, but he looks a bit familiar. Then again, the second one kind of did, too. . The eyes and the nose seem familiar, as does the skin tone.
1	maybe. not sure
0	not very. Don't recognize anyone, but that's starting to become a pattern so I could be wrong.
0	not very. i do not know if i saw them
1	very certain. i font remember anyone
1	Very. None of the faces looked familiar at all
1	almost certain. i just am pretty sure i remember seeing him
1	I'm pretty sure this is a guy from yesterday.. This persons face looks familiar.
1	certain. I remember because he reminds me of Kenya
0	not to sure. nothing familiar
0	pretty unsure. now i think the guy i selected was actually the person i selected in a previous round. or I'm getting them mixed up?
0	not certain. i think its the same kid
1	I am somewhat certain. The chin and angle of the cheekbones seem very familiar.
1	kinda sure. looks familiar
0	somewhat. I think I remember him but am not sure.
1	I am somewhat certain.. I recall seeing faces that looked similar to these but not exactly like them.
0	not very. they look familiar
0	somewhat. none of these faces stood out to me
1	absolutely positive. hair and expression.
1	I font recognize any. They font look familiar
1	100 percent. his hair
1	sure. i don't remember these faces but that shirt is familiar to me.
0	Kind of certain . I think I remember somebody having eyes that were very far apart.
1	Intuition. He looks familiar.
1	mostly certain. this man is familiar to me
0	Not very certain. I do not remember if I correctly saw this guy or not.
1	Sorta certain-is. None of the features look familiar. Bottom row all most certainly look wrong. The top right could possibly be a previously witnessed face, but I don't think so.
1	almost. pretty sure this is the same person
0	not certain. I am not completely certain that I remember this face
1	I am about 50% sure he was in the lineup. He looks more familiar than the rest.
0	uncertain. I don't recall for sure
1	certain. remember him
1	Very certain. I remember the hair and face.
1	very. beard shape.
1	quite certain. recognizable haircut.
1	very. thin chin profile is familiar
1	Certain. None look familiar.
1	I am semi sure. I remember the face but am not 100% sure
0	decently certain. nothing in the face sticks out
1	pretty certain. i remember his eyes.
1	pretty certain . don't remember seeing anyone in these pics
1	I am fairly certain I saw this man yesterday.. I remember his thick eyebrows, and his eyes from yesterday.
1	Again, not very certain. I don't believe that I have seen any of these faces before.
0	Somewhat certain. None of these individuals have features that lead me to believe I have seen them before.
1	Think he looks like my neighbor. pretty sure this one is the one I called Jamal after our neighbor and hubby's Best friend
1	60. I do not see anyone who looks familiar to me.
0	Uncertain.. I didn't initially recognize any of the photos, but this one stood out after a minute. I think his eyes and the shape of his head (narrow) seem to strike a bell, but I'm afraid it's because I just stared at him too long right now.
0	not really certain. not positive
1	not sure. nothing familiar
1	Almost completely certain.. I remember his head shape and facial hair.
0	Slightly certain. None of these men look familiar really.
1	pretty certain. don't remember anyone
0	I do not remember any of these guys. do not remember these guys
1	very sure. i remember this face. because of the side burns and faro
1	somewhat certain. i don't remember these faces
1	pretty certain. While some skin tones and expressions are the same, no features stand out.
0	i am guessing on this. looks most familiar
1	pretty certain. I remember his darker features
0	very little. this person looks very familiar but i cannot be sure
0	fairly. i font recognize any of them
1	Eyebrows. Arched eyebrows look familiar.
1	very certain. remember his haircut.
1	Pretty certain. I remember his eyes.
1	Fairly certain. . I remember this man's facial expression, nose, eyes, and eyebrows.
1	Somewhat. Without the differences in clothes many look the same
1	very. font recall any o these
0	Kind of certain. I don't recognize these faces
0	Not very certain. A few of the guys look familiar, so I am not sure.
1	I'm fairly certain I remember this face, but I do believe the image was different. . I believe this person was smiling in the original photo and was wearing different clothing, but I remember various features, like his eyes and mouth, and the hair seems the same as well. er the
1	certain. none are familiar
1	Fairly certain. None of these look familiar
1	just a diff facial angle but similar to one of the line up. same hair line jaw just not angle
1	fairly. No one is standing out to me as recognizable
1	Pretty sure . I really don't recognize any of these faces
1	very. I remember him because of his looks
0	I can't recall seeing any of these people before.. They don't look or resemble anything like anyone I have ever seen.
1	No one looks familiar. No one is familiar in this line up
1	fairly sure. his eyes, nose and jaw are familiar
1	pretty certain. the hair looks familiar
1	kinda. his face looks familiar
1	very. he looks like Kenya west
1	completely certain. i don't recognize any of the features in this sample set.
0	somewhat. he looks sort of like one of the previous photos
1	pretty certain. He looks like a person I saw earlier so I'm pretty certain it's the same person.
1	In pretty sure I seen him yesterday. I remember his hair kind of
0	not sure. I'm not quite sure if I saw this man yesterday or not
1	Not sure at all. Black people are hard to memorize. Black people and their features are very similar and hard to remember.
1	I am certain. I remember a guy with similar features, but none of these match his face
1	I honestly do not recognize any of these men. I feel like I would recognize a face the next day, regardless of race
1	i seen this guy too. i seen him multiple times
1	Pretty sure. I don't recognize any of the faces
0	mi not sure. They look pretty much the same
1	fairly certain. I think I remember
1	almost certain. because i have not seen these faces before
1	I remember this person I'm very certain of it. I remember seeing him.
1	Mostly. Pretty sure I don't see any of the guys.
0	not sure. I'm not sure if I remember any of these
0	not very certain. hair style, eye and brow placement.
0	Not very sure.. I think his haircut looks familiar but wouldn't be very confident about the ID.
0	I'm slightly certain. The man's features seem somewhat distinctive and I vaguely remember seeing them before.
1	I feel pretty confident in my answer.. I feel confident because I feel like I seen this individual previously.
1	I am over half certain of this choice. The face I chose does seem familiar regarding the previous study
0	a little?. looks familiar, hopefully from earlier
1	completely certain. I remember him because he looks like someone i know
0	Pretty unsure. Seems familiar
1	very certain. do not recognize anyone.
1	Very. None of these faces are familiar.
1	80. none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
1	I am certain in my response. I remember his haircut, expression and mark on his eyebrow
0	I feel like i have seen him before. I feel like I saw the person's picture before so I assume it was in the previous pictures
1	Extremely Certain. I don't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability.
1	These faces don't look familiar. None of these faces look familiar.
1	mostly certain. I don't believe any of the people above we're in the original pictures.
1	fairly certain. The expression on his face.
1	Somewhat certain. Nobody strikes me as familiar, here!.
0	NOT CERTAIN. CANT PICK
1	I'm 98% certain. I remember thinking this particular individual was cute so that's why I remembered seeing him.
1	Not very certain. I font remember seeing these faces.
1	I'm pretty certain that I remember the man that I chose, pictured above, from yesterday.. I remember the man above because he kind of looks a little like a celebrity to me, his features are hard to forget.
0	not very certain. I remember his head tilt
1	Somewhat. It's hard to remember all the faces I saw
0	Somewhat certain. He looks familiar, but I can't be sure.
1	certain. I remember
0	I don't remember seeing any of these guys, but I might have.. Sometimes people's faces blend together and I can't tell.
0	Somewhat certain.. The nose and lips look familiar.
0	not really certain. his features look the most like the light skinned guy i saw earlier
1	very certain. This is John
1	Somewhat certain. Looks familiar
0	somewhat. He looks familiar, and like someone I have seen based on his facial expression
1	pretty sure. I don't remember any of them
1	Fairly certain. None of them look at all familiar
0	slightly. he looks more familiar than the rest
1	Very certain. Doesn't look like any of the line up.
0	I'm not. I honestly don't recognize any of them
1	Pretty certain. He looks familiar to me
1	Very Certain. I am very certain because I recall the specific hairstyle with beard/mustache on a face seen in the observation.
1	50. I don't think I've seen any of these faces before.
1	unsure. looks slightly familiar
1	very certain. because i don't remember any of these faces.
1	I 100% remember seeing this guy. Strangely enough I think it's his neck area that I remember so well. I don't know how to describe it. But I guess it's well defined.
0	font recall. none
1	pretty sure. i don't remember these faces
0	I am more certain of this one than previous ones.. His face was recognizable.
1	I know he was in there. He reminds me of an NBA player
1	Completely certain. I remember the haircut and the nose.
1	I am very certain. I don't recognize anybody here.
0	I am only a little certain that non of these men were present.. The top left man looks very vaguely familiar, but I honestly don't remember.
1	Very. I recognize his defined neck muscles.
1	80. mi pretty sure he was in there
1	pretty certain. I do not recognize any of these people from the previous photos
1	I am sure.. None of the guys look familiar.
0	Not very certain.. None of them stand out to me.
1	font remember anyone. font remember seeing this face.
0	Not certain. Two of the faces look sort of familiar, but I am not confident in that
1	positive. I remember his face. He looks like a man I know.
0	Not very certain. Some look slightly familiar but I'm not sure
0	i think he was there. looks right
0	pretty certain. I do not recognize any facial features of these people.
0	NOT VERY ACCURATE. HE LOOKS FAMILIAR BUT I'M NOT SURE ABOUT THE OTHERS
0	Don't remember any of these. They seem similar, but not exact
1	Not all.. I just cant get remember their faces.
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
0	I'm not sure.. None of the faces rang any bells, but I could have forgotten.
1	very certain. don't remember these people
1	very certain. none look familiar
1	almost completely certain. His Adams apple is very predominate and one ear looks bigger than the other, also the nose is uneven.
1	Fairly certain. Eye shape and color.
0	Again all these faces look the same. I just picked not present cause there's a 1/7 chance
1	I'm pretty certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
0	no one looks familiar. i can't recolonize anyone
1	I am fairly confident. I am not 100%
1	a lot. recognize him
1	pretty sure. I'm sure
0	not very certain. i think his hair looks familiar but I'm not totally sure
0	a little certain. I think I remember that shape of face paired with that facial hair, but I'm uncertain.
1	almost certain. he is young
1	Pretty sure. Don't look familiar
1	Pretty certain. I recognize his face
1	not too sure. all look too same
1	really certain. distinctive face
0	I'M NOT CERTAIN AT ALL. THEY ALL LOOK ALIKE
0	I do not recognize any of these people from yesterday.. None of the features look familiar to me.
1	very certain. I remember this guy from the line up.
1	somewhat sure. His eyes look familiar
1	I'm somewhat certain. . His face looks very distinctive and his facial features are strong. I think I saw him in yesterdays lineup.
1	fairly certain. I remember his neck (yes really!)
0	not completely sure. None of the men look familiar but I can't be sure.
1	I am not very certain.. I think I remember this man from yesterday.
1	very certain.. I do not recognize anyone in this line up.
0	not very certain. He sorta looks like the one dude
1	fairly certain. I don't recognize any of these faces explicitly, but one looks sort of familiar. Not enough to click him, though.
1	positive. I saw his face in face survey yesterday
0	somewhat confident. I don't recognize any of them.
0	Somewhat certain. I do not recognize any of these men from previous pictures.
1	fairly. slightly familiar face.
1	somewhat. none of them look familiar
1	"Quite certain. The face I selected strongly resembles the subject I mnemonically tagged as ""That Guy"", as he looked indistinct to me somehow."
1	certain. I don't remember these faces.
1	Almost certain.. I feel that this guy is guilty of being previously in the lineup. He also is the only one smiling at the moment.
1	Fairly certain. Remember his expression
1	Medium Certainty.. Can't recall these faces.
1	fairly certain. looks familiar
1	quite sure. His eyes are a little lopsided and he has a flat hair cut.
1	very certain. none of these faces are familiar
1	I am very certain. I remember his nose and eyes.
1	100%. The only lineup I saw before was all white men and this lineup is all black men.
0	I am not very certain that one is not present, but I can't point out any I remember.. I can not for sure pick out any one from this line up that I remember seeing from the images provided.
1	mi a little certain i saw this one. This picture came up a few times, and know i had seen it before
0	Not very certain. I think some of these people look familiar but I'm not confident enough to pick one out.
1	Very certain. I remember his goatee and chin shape
1	i think i have seen him. i have seen him previously
1	I'm certain.. I don't recognize anyone.
1	kind of. looks sort of familiar.
0	not too certain. he seems slightly familiar
0	Fairly certain. He looked a bit familiar.
0	Not very.. I don't recognize faces.
0	I am completely uncertain. . I only chose this individual because he feels familiar. I am unsure why.
1	Fairly sure. The face seems familiar, notable because he looks a little unsettling to me.
1	I'm pretty certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces. They all look like they have fairly distinguishing characteristics that I would remember seeing before.
0	40%. told to
1	somewhat . I remember the wrinkles on the forehead
1	I don't recall seeing any of these guys in the line up. . I don't remember seeing any of them
1	very sure this person was in the line up. I noted the downward and to the right expression of his face in the original
0	Not very certain at all. None of these faces look familiar.
1	very. I think I've seen him
0	iffy. I feel like I might have seen him, but not quite sure
1	font remember any of these guys. hard for me to remember any of these guys
1	about 50 percent. I remember seeing this guy
0	Not super certain. He looks a bit familiar
0	I am not very certain on this one, but I feel like I don't recall any of these faces.. Although I feel like there are similarities to the faces I saw yesterday, none of them stand out to me.
0	I am somewhat certain. I don't seem to recognize any of these faces that I saw previously
1	I'm sure that I saw this guy before.. I am 100% sure that I saw this guy because he was wearing a tank top and I thought he looked like my friend Shelly.
0	I am not certain. I am not sure if I have seen theses faces before.
1	Pretty certain. I recognize the guy's face, nose and haircut from an earlier picture.
1	I am fairly sure I don't know any of these people. I don't recognize the faces of any of them
1	He was familiar, saw his photo 3 times at least.. He was wearing a black under-shirt and smiling.
0	I am mildly certain.. The eyes look familiar but I don't remember his cheeks being like that.
1	I am positive. I know I saw that face.
1	I am very certain. I don't remember seeing any of these people yesterday.
1	Very certain. I remember his face.
1	Fairly certain. I don't recognize these faces from earlier.
0	not at all. couldn't place any of them
0	None of these faces strike me as familiar.. The faces do not feel familiar from yesterday.
0	I am not certain at all. No one looks familiar, but I could be wrong
1	Very. He looked like Kenya West
1	Absolutely certain. I remember seeing him
1	somewhat. this looks like one of the guys at the end of the pictures, only showed one time
1	certain. i remember his face because he looks like Conway west
0	Sort of certain. Don't recognize the faces.
0	I am a little less than 50% sure about this lineup. I think I remember this guy's chin
1	I'm fairly certain that none of the young men above were in the lineup from yesterday.. None of the gentlemen from the lineup are in this lineup above, that I can see. I don't remember seeing any of the men from above.
0	Pretty sure. None look familiar.
0	I might have seen this guy before. . His face just looks a little familiar.
1	moderately. they don't seem familiar.
1	Very certain. None of these men look familiar to me.
0	Not certain . I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	I'm fairly certain.. None of these guys look familiar.
0	I'm only a tiny bit sure I saw this guy. I think the shape of his face looks familiar and so does his ears. But I am only a little bit certain about it
1	Almost positive. All these have familiar looking faces so I think that I would have remembered them by using there features as point of reference to people I already know
1	I'm looking at all of the men above and I don't recognize any of them from yesterday.. I don't remember any features from any of the men above, from yesterday. Nothing about them stands out to me.
0	looks familiar. looks familiar
1	Looks familiar. looks like someone I saw in the task
1	I'm pretty certain i don't recall any of these guys. . I chose none because I don't recall them.
1	I am very sure my eyes kept being drawn to him, like I had seen the face before. He looks very familiar and my eyes kept honing in on him
1	I am fairly certain.. I just do not recall seeing any of these faces.
0	kind of certain. I think he looks familiar but not super sure
1	Fairly certain. The facial structure looks familiar
1	very. remember his neck
0	not certain at all . I font remember
1	a little certain. not too sure
0	not sure. i font feel like vie seen him, but i do recall something about him
1	i do not recall seeing any of these men previously. i do not recall seeing any of these men previously
1	pretty sure. They all have blue eyes and only a few of the guys from the pictures had those.
1	certain. font remember seeing any of them.
1	certain. I remember the person's smile
0	This looks a little familiar. I sort of remember it
1	Absolutely certain. They just don't look familiar.
1	positive. I didn't saw them in face survey yesterday
1	Absolutely certain. I clearly remember his face
1	60. No faces looked familiar
0	not very. i am not that confident in my response
1	somewhat certain. I think I saw this guy yesterday
1	not sure. nothing familiar
0	not at all certain. I font recognize any
1	very. I am very certain I saw this face.
1	I am certain I don't remember these faces and they don't look familiar.. These men have specific features I wouldn't be able to forget.
0	uncertain. the nose
0	I am somewhat certain it may be the bottom guy in the middle, but not sure. He just looks a little familiar.
1	Somewhat. I didn't recognize anyone
1	Somewhat certain. Do not recognize any faces in the lineup
1	Very certain. I can tell by the eyes.
0	Kind of. I think I saw this guy.
1	somewhat. i don't remember any of them
0	somewhat sure. don't recognize anyone
1	I'm fairly certain. I don't remember seeing a single one of these guys.
0	0%. I suck at this
0	fairly certain. none look familiar.
1	very. I have never seen any of these.
1	Don't remember seeing any of this fine gentleman. I just do not remember having seen any of these particular individuals
0	really unsure. I don't think I saw any of these faces yesterday
1	very. I am certain that I saw this face several times
0	a little. he looks like someone i saw smiling earlier.
0	A little. familiar head tilt.
1	100% certain. the head shape of all of the is similar and I don't recall that
1	I'm about half certain. he looks familiar
0	i think i saw him earlier. there's something familiar about his eyes.
1	pretty sure. I remember the shape of his hair
0	I'm pretty certain none of these were in the lineup.. None of these faces look familiar to me.
1	I'm a little bit hazy on this one so I'm not entirely sure about this one.. I can't recall any of these in the lineup making me pretty certain he's not present.
0	not sure. cant remember
1	I am fairly certain I do not recognize one of these faces. None of these faces are familiar to me.
1	Absolutely certain.. This guy looked quite unique compared to many of the people.
1	Pretty certain. I do not recall any of these faces
0	Don't recognize anyone. No memory of any of these photos
0	not very. none of them look familiar, but it is hard to tell when they aren't smiling.
1	I don't recognize any of the men. None of the men look familiar to me
1	Fairly certain. No faces are familiar to me.
1	Very certain. None look familiar based on facial features.
1	Certain. He looks familiar
1	pretty certain. he had a different expression before but i remember it was him
1	Fairly certain. None of these look familiar.
1	90. non-familiar
1	certain. looks very familiar.
0	uncertain. His jawline looks familiar
1	Fairly certain. Reminds me of a celebrity.
1	100 percent. I remember seeing his face and thinking he looked like a per Kim k Kenya West.
1	Very certain. I remember seeing this man's face yesterday
1	Very Certain. Can't recall any of the faces.
0	Kinda. Blue eyes seem familiar
0	somewhat certain. this face looks the most familiar out of all the face pictured above
0	I am not certain at all. I don't remember any of these men in the photos
0	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize anyone.
0	I AM NOT CERTAIN. THEY ALL LOOK ALIKE
0	not very. not very familiar
1	somewhat certain. I don't remember any of these faces
0	not really sure.... Not really sure - I don't think any face from original lineup is here...
0	Not too certain.. I think, I may have see this photo.
0	not completely sure because if it is someone who was in the sideshow, I think he was smiling in the picture. his hairline looks similar.
1	very. none of these faces look familiar
0	Not sure. . I cannot remember if I have seen any of the individuals.
1	Quite certain. I do not recall any faces shown.
1	I'm fairly certain about this response.. I'm pretty sure I saw a guy with the same features.
1	a little bit sure. i don't recognize any of them.
1	"I'm absolutely certain. That face had stood out, because I thought it was ""one of those faces"" that just seem familiar"
0	Not sure. These faces look very similar, hard to pick out who might have been shown
1	I am very certain. His face is familiar.
0	not at all. none of the faces look familiar
0	certain. i don't remember seeing these faces.
1	very . i font recognize anyone
1	very certain. remember him
0	not very. I felt like I maybe saw him before
1	certain. I remember the facial hair and face structure.
1	I am pretty sure I remember seeing him.. His face is Very familiar.
0	fairly certain. none look familiar.
0	I don't think I have seen any of these. . None of them sparked any recognition.
0	I don't remember any of them. I don't remember any of them, but I'm not sure.
0	I am half sure. His face seems familiar
1	I am pretty certain. I think I remember this particular guy from before, and the way his facial hair is makes me feel like he is more familiar.
1	i don't recognize any of them. i don't remember seeing them
1	I am very certain.. I remember the hair.
1	pretty certain. font recall these people from photos
1	or the guy before. chin hair nose
1	I am almost fairly certain I saw this individual prior.. I remember his hair.
0	I don't recognize any one. I don't recognize any one
1	certain. his hair.
0	not very certain. none of them look identical to the other pictures, a few of them look similar but not enough to choose them
0	Not very. I don't remember seeing any of the faces.
1	Fairly. Nobody looks familiar
1	I am quite certain. None of these photos look familiar.
1	I am fairly certain. I recognize his eyes.
1	very sure. don't recognize these faces.
1	sure. I'm sure
0	seemed right. thought so
1	I am very sure. His off set eyes.
1	Certain. I haven't seen any of these faces.
1	Certain. I think I remember him.
1	I do not recall any of these faces. . I don't recall any of these faces some seem kind of similar but I'm pretty certain I don't remember
0	Fairly. I don't recognize anyone
1	Very certain. I do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period.
0	a little sure. eyebrows look familiar
1	pretty certain. they don't look familiar.
1	pretty certain. i don't see any traits that i tried to memorize yesterday
0	no one here is looking familiar. I cant seem to remember seeing any of these faces before
0	maybe. i feel like I would remember someone from this group
1	Fairly certain. He looks familiar.
1	certain. not recognizing any faces.
1	I'm not very certain.. I feel like I saw him, but I'm not sure.
0	cant be certain. cannot be too certain
1	very certain. remember the hair cut and facial hair
0	a little sure. I think this is the one I remember as the Kenya guy
1	Positive. I remember thinking he looked like a frat boy with intense eyes.
0	unsure. none of the faces look familiar
1	fairy sure. i don't recognize any of the photos
1	very. never seen them before
0	I do not recognize any of the faces. I just font think any of the faces are familiar
0	uncertain. I don't recognize anyone
1	positive. He wore a striped polo.
1	Fairly certain. I don't recognize anyone.
0	Certain. I don't recognize any of these faces.
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
1	Sure. I recognize his haircut and face shape.
0	not certain. I can't remember if I saw any of these faces
1	very. he was wearing a different shirt ,but i recognize him.
1	fairly. no distinguishing features
1	very certain. they weren't in the group of pictures.
0	Somewhat certain. I believe that I remember this face, but I am not completely certain. His eyes look familiar, but I'm not sure about the jawline.
1	I am a little certain.. The way the guys hair is in the front makes me feel like I remember him and he looks more familiar than any of the others.
1	Mostly certain. I don't remember the eyes of any of these people.
0	Not certain at all.. I don't recall any of the faces.
0	50. JUST BECAUSE
1	certain. don't remember any of them
1	certain. i remembered the persons ears
0	I'm not very sure. I think I may have seen him before
1	I'm pretty sure about this.. I don't recognize any of the faces at all.
0	I don't see a familiar face..... Not really sure - I don't think any face from original lineup is here...
1	Very certain.. Same specific appearance.
0	certain. none of the faces look familiar.
1	I am half certain. His face looks familiar
1	no one looks familiar. no one looks familiar
1	very. I don't remember any of these faces.
0	Pretty certain. Remember a maroon shirt
1	Fairly confident. I do not recall any of the faces.
1	100% Sure. This face reminds me of someone I know so It's easy to remember If I have seen them before.
1	semi certain. The face seems familiar
1	60. I do not see anyone that I recognize
0	not very. his eyes and nose look familiar.
0	somewhat certain. I believe I remember the guy I chose from yesterday's task
1	90%. certain
1	I font recall any of them. I font remember any of the faces
0	I'm not certain at all, but I can't pinpoint any of these faces as ones I've seen before. . More than one have similar features, and I had trouble pinpointing which one was most likely, so I chock it up to specific features rather than there being one face I have actually seen before.
0	not very. I didn't recognize them.
1	very certain.. I don't recognize anyone here.
1	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize any faces.
1	I font think I saw any of them. I didn't see them.
1	i didn't recognize anyone. i dint recognize anyone.
1	seems familiar. seems right
1	pretty certain one guy looks familiar but not enough to know for sure. The top left individual looks familiar but I cant remember for sure
1	pretty sure. none of them seem recognizable.
0	not positive at all. I remember a similar expression
0	Not very. Some of those men look the same
1	I am definitely sure. He has long sideburns and a cleft chin which I saw earlier.
1	a bit. unfamiliar
1	His facial features seem familiar. His jaw line and his neck look familiar
1	Pretty sure, no one is jumping out to me or looks familiar at all.. Everyone just looks so generic and I feel like someone would have a more gut reaction in my mind.
1	pretty certain. I don't remember anyone with short hair like these guys
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
1	somewhat certain. i seen none of these faces yesterday
1	moderately sure. none of them look familiar enough to be sure
1	Very certain. I recall seeing a black male with a goatee.
1	certain. eyes, nose.
1	Kinda certain . His hairline.
0	A little bit.. His eyes and hair look slightly familiar to me.
1	I'm fairly certain. . I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	I don't think any of the guys I saw were here. . I don't remember any of these men.
1	pretty certain. none of them look familiar in any way
0	a little. I remember his facial expression
1	Very. He looks like a former co-worker
0	Relatively certain. I don't recognize any one in particular.
0	Not too certain.. I thought I might have seen this person.
0	I don't think I have seen any of these people before. I don't remember any of their faces.
1	I have never seen these photos. I have never seen these photos
0	not sure. looks familiar
1	Do not remember any of these faces. Nothing recognizable
1	mostly certain. I font recognize any features.
1	I do not recall seeing these men. These men do not look familiar.
0	not very. I don't remember any of them
1	very certain. he was cute
1	only diff is hes looking straight at the camera vs the original shot. same eyes messed up brow and face
1	fairly. none look similar
1	pretty certain. the man looked very familiar.
1	100% certain. I don't recall these men and their faces
1	fairly certain. doesn't look familiar
1	pretty certain. remember his haircut.
1	kind of certain. eyes and facial expression
1	I do not see any faces I remember. I do not recall any of these faces being presented
1	fairly. none are familiar.
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember seeing any of these people.
1	very certain. I recall the mans nose.
1	Facial hair. The goatee
1	very sure. hair style, eyes, shape of face
0	None of these people look similar.. I don't recognize any of those faces.
0	fairly certain. none of the faces really looked familiar
1	none look familiar. I do not recognize anyone
1	Fairly certain. His expression/face shape are familiar
0	NOT CERTAIN. I THINK IT WAS THE HAIR AND THE EARS
1	Fairly certain. I remember the face but not the faro
0	Not certain.. I can't recall any of these guys.
0	40%. facial hair
1	I don't recall any of these faces. Their faces do not look familiar
0	50%. mi guessing
1	None of these faces are at all familiar, and I'm pretty sure. I would recognize these people, and I do not
1	No recognition. None
1	No one here looks familiar.. No one here appears to be someone I saw before from what I remember.
0	somewhat. none of the faces look familiar
0	Not certain, but this face has a familiarity.. Just a feeling of familiarity.
0	not very. no one looks familiar.
0	not very confident. He looks familiar
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
0	not sure. do not remember
1	none match. none have same eyes nose jaw hair
1	I am certain. none of these faces ring any bells in my mind, I haven seen them before
0	Not sure. The hairstyle is unique in the groups so far.
1	I'm definitely sure. I remember thinking he looked like Kenya, so he sticks out in my mind.
1	almost certain. same hair
0	fairly. don't remember anyone
1	Absolutely.. I definitely remember seeing him.
1	same dude, same expression. saw earlier.
1	I think i am half way accurate. none of these men have a distinctive characteristic that makes me think i saw them yesterday
0	Not very . I sort of remember the eyes.
1	none look familiar. I can pick one that I have seen before
0	Not sure. I do not recognize any of these faces
1	Very certain. . I remember this man's mouth and eyes.
1	I am almost certain that I saw him the previous day.. I recognize his eyes.
0	kind of certain. i don't recognize any of these men.
1	I remember seeing this face. This face is familiar.
0	not very. font call these people
0	not very. I remember the facial hair, but the face does not stand out to me
0	Not very sure. Nothing distinguishable. My eyes gravitated toward one face that seemed familiar, but I'm not sold.
1	Pretty sure. Don't remember seeing any faces like the ones above
1	moderately certain. this person's eyes look familiar
1	certain. very certain
0	very. do not recognize.
1	Fairly certain. . I don't recall seeing this man yesterday. I don't remember this shade of black.
1	Somewhat. That face seems familiar to me.
0	very uncertain. vague familiarity
0	None of the faces look familiar. No distinct features in these for me to remember if someone is in here
1	I am very positive.. I recognize the facial hair.
1	NOT VERY. I THINK I REMEMBER HIM
1	very. none of these faces are similar at all
1	pretty sure. I just recognize him
1	I am certain I did not see these men.. I chose NOT PRESENT because I do not recall viewing these men's photos.
1	Slightly certain.. I remember a black man with a similar shirt and expression earlier.
1	moderately certain. I don't remember any of these guys
1	certain. i saw him
0	I'm not very certain. I'm not too sure because I do not exactly remember the faces I saw last night, but I feel like I might have seen the face I chose, which is why I chose it.
1	Sure. I remember him
0	not very certain. none of these guys look familiar to me but I'm really not sure
0	I feel like I remember his eyes. His slightly slanted eyes and eye brow shape seem familiar
1	mostly certain. I think all of these guys heads are shaped funny, and I think I would've remembered that, so they must not have been shown.
0	Not sure at all. These faces are pretty bland and nothing sticks out
0	Not certain. I think i saw him, wouldn't bet on it but he seems familiar
1	I am completely sure.. I know I saw his face.
1	Pretty certain. I remember seeing him because at first it was his hair cut that stuck out then I studied his eyes
1	Very certain I saw this hairstyle yesterday.. Quite certain that face and hair was a match just wearing a blue shirt from what I remember.
0	not at all. I remember someone like this, but all of these faces seem to similar
1	I'm 100 percent certain.. Don't recognize anyone.
1	Not that certain. Might have seen one before, not sure
1	totally certain. i don't recall any of these faces
1	pretty sure. I don't recognize any of them.
0	I am only a bit certain. I do not recall any of the faces.
1	pretty sure. none of these faces stand out
0	Not very certain. Hard to tell them apart.
1	Somewhat. I think I remember his smile but it was with teeth
1	Fairly certain. This man looks familiar
1	confident. the hair and eyes look familiar.
0	somewhat certain. he seems a little familiar
1	Fairly certain. These guys don't look familiar, but I could be wrong
0	very very small. seemed a little familiar
0	pretty certain. recognize the hairline and nose.
0	Not very certain. . None of the faces are sticking out to me. There is no familiarity.
1	I remember the hair. I remember thinking this one reminding me of pictures i had seen from the 70s
1	I am pretty certain.. This person looks like one of the faces I saw.
0	I think he is familiar. if I could see his lower neck I would know for sure
0	not really certain. eyes look familiar
0	maybe . he is hot so maybe him
1	kind of sure. i remember his hair and thinner face
1	certain. his eyes were memorable.
1	Pretty certain. I remember the nose and shiny cheeks
0	slight. sorta familiar
0	not certain. can't remember
0	pretty sure I did not see these faces.. No faces jumping out at me.
1	I never saw any of these men. . One has a similar haircut to one I saw yesterday, but he is not the one I saw.
1	Unsure. None of the faces feel familiar
1	Warily certain. Don recognize anyone
1	Pretty sure I've never seen these folks before in my life. They don't appear familiar to my eye
0	Not certain. I don't remember any of them
0	not certain at all. two look slightly familiar i can't make a choice.
1	I don't remember any of these guys. Because I did not recall seeing any of these gentlemen.
1	none. font recolonize
0	kind of certain. the eyebrows look familiar
1	I'm rather certain. None of the faces look familiar.
1	Very certain.. I do believe I saw this face yesterday, also looks like someone I know.
1	Fairly certain. Don recognize anyone
0	Quite certain.. Something about this individual's face, perhaps the distance between his eyes, look similar to me from the activity.
1	I'm not certain, they all look so similar. None of them stand out, and they all look relatively similar to one another
1	I am certain.. None of the eyes seem familiar.
1	somewhat certain. does not resemble anyone i have seen before.
1	I am no completely sure but I believe I saw this young man.. I remember his eyes in the other pictures were very prominent.
1	moderately certain. I remember him having a unique face
0	unsure. unsure
0	not very. don't recognize any of them
1	Fairly certain. I don't recall seeing any of those faces before
0	not very. Not sure
0	I am a little certain.. I feel like I saw his face yesterday.
0	not certain. can't remember
1	I'm pretty sure. i recognize this face
1	Looks familiar . I think he was on the other pictures
1	i recognize his face. he looked like someone i knew in real life
1	I distinctly remember him. I remember the fro
1	pretty certain. I remember seeing this guy's face, especially wit the gold chain he was wearing before
0	slightly certain. not totally sure
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
1	Pretty certain. I remember his haircut and his nose.
1	about 75 percent. One of the faces looks slightly familiar but not familiar enough for me to be comfortable I have seen it before.
0	Fairly. face shape and hair
0	Not very. They all look very similar above
1	90% certain . none of them look familiar
1	Somewhat certain. The face looks familiar
1	I am pretty sure.. I remember seeing that person.
0	sort of sure. I don't think I saw any of them.
1	certain. I don't remember seen any of this photos.
1	I am pretty certain that none of those men were present.. None of those faces were shown before. I do not recognize any of the faces.
1	very certain. i remember seeing him twice, his blue eyes and facial hair are very striking.
1	Moderately. Nose and mouth
0	unsure. i think more people were smiling originally so it's throwing me
1	I am very certain. I specifically remember the head shape, and the shape of his nose.
1	I don't recognize these faces. None of these faces look familiar
0	In not so sure on this one. I kind of remember that look and his facial features.
0	I am not completely certain . The faces do not look that familiar to me from the ones that I saw previously
1	very. He has a very distinct face shape.
0	not certain. I'm getting confused, i think these were in the first line up also
1	Very Certain. I remember the picture exactly, except a different color shirt.
0	not very. I don't remember these faces
0	i don't remember seeing any of these faces. i didn't recognize any of these faces
1	They do not look familiar. I do not remember them
1	I do remember seeing any of these guys. there are no certain characteristic that I remember
1	Pretty sure. None of these men look familiar to me.
1	kind of sure. none of them look familiar
1	don't recall seeing any of these faces. none look familiar
0	fairly certain I have never seen anyone here before. no one looks familiar at all
1	Fairly certain.. None of them look overly familiar.
0	not at all. I don't recognize them.
0	feels like i seen the picture before. looks a little familiar to me
0	not very. he looks vaguely similar to one of the faces I think I saw earlier
0	Mostly certain. He looks like a guy I saw earlier, but it's a little fuzzy. The general face structure and hair looks familiar, but the facial expression is so different, it's hard to tell.
1	Very. Dpt believe I've seen these faces.
1	very. none look familiar
0	very. none are familiar.
0	unsure. looks familiar
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
0	not certain at all. none look particular like anyone I recall seeing
0	not sure. I don't recognize any of the photos but I am not sure.
1	very. i remember him his tilted head
1	100. because i remember his face
1	pretty certain. looks familiar
0	Somewhat certain. Again, none of these people are familiar
1	very certain. yep, i definitely saw him before
0	Not very certain.. None of them look familiar.
1	very certain. He looks familiar.
0	not very. His hair looks familiar but I'm not sure about the face
0	I don't recognize anyone.. I just don't remember seeing any of these men yesterday.
1	pretty certain.. none of the faces look familiar
0	unsure. don't think i recognize any
0	Moderately certain. His head shape and eye shape.
1	Very. They're all younger than anyone i remember
1	kind of certain. the short hair and smile
0	Not very. One or two seemed familiar, but I'm not sure.
1	i am very sure. his eyes and hair I clearly remember seeing
1	very sure. the shape of the eyebrows and the facial hair
1	Fairly certain. I think I remember
0	Not very certain.. I'm just not sure.
1	I am quite certain. I remember his jawline and mustache.
1	somewhat certain. this face is very familiar, so I know I saw either this face or one very similar to it.
1	pretty sure. remember the hair
1	half certain. the facial features seem familiar
1	Certain. I thought that this guy looked like Kenya
0	I'm not certain at all. This is getting harder as the faces run together. . This man has a unique jaw line, and his hair also seems familiar. A couple of other faces seemed familiar, but this one was the most.
1	almost certain. He looks like a guy on general hospital
0	somewhat. He sort of looks familiar.
1	Moderately. Hair and eye browse
1	100%. I just remember seeing him that's why
0	vaguely . he seems familiar
1	very certain. don't remember any of these faces
1	In not to sure. None of them sticks out to me. I can't remember any of their features
1	I'm almost positive. None of them look familiar.
0	somewhat certain. He looks a little like one of the pictures seen before. Same eye color, hair color, skin color and general facial structure but I think the man in the picture before was smiling.
1	Fairly certain. I don't recognize anyone and am fairly confident none were in the lineup
1	I do not recall seeing any of these faces. Nothing memorable stands out in any of these faces.
0	pretty certain. don't recognize anyone
1	I am fairly certain that I have seen this face before.. I recognized many of his facial features, such as his nose.
0	Little certain. None look familiar.
1	positive. I saw his face in face survey yesterday
1	CERTAIN. I KNOW THIS ONE!
0	Not at all certain. Don't recognize any of these faces
1	Pretty sure. I'm pretty sure I didn't see any of them, but I'm not 100%
1	I don't recognize these people at all. Fairly certain. I was not able to recognize all of these people.
0	not very. I don't remember any of these people
0	Somewhat certain due to the eyes and chin. the eyes and chin seem very familiar, but cannot be sure.
1	I am very certain. I am certain because these faces don't look familiar
1	he seems familiar . has good looking and normally memory helps me with that cue
1	I am very certain. I don't recognize anyone shown here.
1	I do not see anyone I saw previously, and I am pretty certain of this.. None of these look familiar.
0	I am mostly certain. the bottom right corner guy may have been, but I don't remember him having a cowlick in the front.
0	not certain. can't remember these faces
1	kinda sure. I tried to find something either odd or attractive about each face, and I don't think I saw any of these but I'm not positive.
1	I recall seeing his face yesterday in the photo presentation. I recognize him
1	Very certain. I remember seeing him.
0	not very certain. they all look similar and I don't remember any of these faces.
0	Not quite positive. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
1	I am very certain. His facial expression and tilt of his head are the same
1	i remember that punk expression. i font know.
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember any of those faces at all.
1	Moderately certain.. Seems like he was in the photos but not positive.
1	pretty sure. i don't recognize anyone.
1	I am fairly sure. I remember the tilted head
1	I am fairly certain I didn't see any of these people yesterday.. None of them look familiar to me.
0	Not too certain.. I think, I may have see this photo.
0	I think I remember seeing this man yesterday. I just feel like I have seen this man before
1	very. familiar face
1	not super sure. I think this person was in the previous lineup, but I hesitated, so I am not sure.
0	kinda certain he was in it. ears stick out
1	Fairly. These faces don't seem familiar.
1	A little. I think i remember seeing him
0	I am not totally certain.. These faces look very similar, especially the first two.
0	Not too certain. The one selected looks somewhat familiar.
1	Nobody looks familiar.. No features recognized at all.
1	Positive. I saw this face yesterday.
1	moderately certain. He looks kind of familiar
1	i am more than 50/50, but less than 70 percent sure . he has distinct facial features that for some reason feel familiar, as though I've seen him before.
0	not certain. I don't recall seeing these people
1	I do not recognize anyone here. None of the faces shown are familiar to me.
1	I'm fairly certain, but not 100%. None of these faces look familiar to me, I don't recall seeing any of them
0	Not very. . I can't recall any of the photos.
0	he looks a lot familiar. he looks a little familiar
1	Quite certain. None of these photos look familiar.
0	kind of certain. none of the faces seem recognizable
0	not sure at all. Looks a little familiar
1	I'm 100 percent certain. . I remember him, he reminded me of Kenya.
0	not very. I remember a red shirt
1	Not very certain.. None of the faces looked familiar.
0	somewhat certain. I think i may have seen him before
1	Fairly certain. I don't recognize anyone and am fairly confident they weren't in the lineup
0	I am confident with my response. . I do not remember any features of the people from above. None look familiar to me.
1	very certain. None look at all familiar
1	kinda looks familiar. his face looks kinda like one i seen yesterday
0	unsure. his nose stood out
1	Pretty certain.. His hair stood out to me.
0	NOT ACCURATE. I HONESTLY COULDN'T DECIDE ON THIS SELECTION OR NOT PRESENT
0	He looks vaguely familiar. I seem to remember him but not sure if I do.
1	hes the one. I remember him.
1	certain. head shape.
1	I'm sure I saw him. I remember this face.
0	not extremely confident. I remember somebody with a similar jaw line.
1	the crooked smile on the guy on the bottom middle looks familiar. the haircut seems different.
1	pretty sure. don't recall
1	I am very certain. I remember his hair
1	certain. Don't remember it
0	I don't remember seeing any of these.. None of them look familiar.
1	fairly certain. i remember the hair
1	Very Certain. None of these triggered memories and they all have at least one distinct feature that should have been memorable
0	25 percent. none of them looked familiar
1	Pretty sure. I recognize none of these faces
1	certain. it's the same picture or pretty darn near
1	quite certain. I remember the shape of his hairline
1	very. he looks like Kaye I remember
1	I am fairly certain. He is familiar.
1	none. I don't remember them
0	I am not sure. His long neck looks familiar
1	Short of. Red sweatshirt is really making it hard. Yesterday it was only of neck up.
0	I am barely certain.. I don't have any specific, it just looks more familiar.
0	Rough, but not sure at all. I think he was one of them, but it is difficult to remember for sure.
0	Unsure. I don't really know if he was or not
1	I'm pretty sure about him.. I remember thinking yesterday that a guy looked kind of like Kenya West, and this guy does.
0	not super sure. do not remember any of the faces
0	Not very. His eyes look familiar. Another face looks familiar also.
1	Fairly certain. None of these men look familiar.
0	somewhat certain. none of these faces look familiar.
0	not Sure. none of these men look familiar but I'm not sure
1	almost positive. i don't recall any of these faces
1	none look familiar. none look familiar
1	Pretty certain. I just don't recall seeing any of these guys yesterday
1	I am not certain they were from yesterday. I do not remember them from yesterday
0	a little certain. I do not recall these faces
1	cannot recognize anyone with certainty. I don't recognize anyone from yesterday's photos
1	I feel fairly confident in this person. He looks familiar because of his lips and facial hair.
0	No clue. they look too similar to me to distinguish a difference
1	Think I saw him last time. The tilt of the head looks familiar.
1	ACCURATE. I DO NOT KNOW ANY OF THIS FACES.
0	I don't think I've seen any of these guys. . I don't think I've seen any of these guys.
1	not overly. cant recall any of these
1	Pretty certain. I remember his neck
1	These guys don't look familiar either. . Still not familiar.
1	I am fairly certain . I remember his eyes from yesterday
1	Not very certain. None of them seem to ring a bell in my mind
0	fairly certain. the hair looks familiar
0	kinda certain. look familiar but couldn't decide between two
1	fairly sure. face looks familiar
1	completely certain. i remember seeing this face yesterday
1	Fairly certain. His face seemed quite familiar.
1	looks familiar. I remember seeing him
1	Certain. None of them look familiar.
1	He looks exactly like one of the boys that was pictured I do remember his face. His eyes were the bluest. His eyes and facial hair.
0	I don't know. I don't want to pick a man who I think wasn't really there
0	Some confidence. Photo stood out to me
1	Pretty sure this frat guy. One of the best looking guys yesterday. Named him hot frat guy cause thatch what i thought he looked like
0	Semi Certain. I dot really have specifics
0	certain. don't remember him
1	Pretty certain.. Again, nobody here stands out in my memory. I could be wrong though.
1	Somewhat certain. None of the faces look familiar
0	not very. he looks familiar
1	certain. very certain, he favors someone I know
1	I am a good amount certain.. This face seems familiar.
1	moderately certain. I'm almost positive I saw him yesterday
1	PRETTY SURE. I DON'T REMEMBER SEEN THEM
0	Uncertain - the hair looks different. I think I recognize his face but the hair seems wrong
1	fairly.. he just does.
1	somewhat certain. none look familiar.
0	Not certain. I don't think any of them were present, but I can't be sure
1	Fairly certain but not 100%. I don't recall specifically any of these men being in the images yesterday. So I have to choose not present.
1	I am fairly certain this man was in the previous lineup of pictures.. I can tell by his neck, he had very distinct veins.
1	very certain. Not there.
0	Not Very Sure.. Feel like I recognize this expression, but I cannot be certain.
1	ABOUT 90%. THE EYES LOOK FAMILIAR
1	Mostly. None of the faces looked familiar
1	Somewhat certain. I remember his hair
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
1	pretty certain. none of these look familiar at all.
1	Moderately. Skin tone and facial features
0	not certain. don't remember him
0	Not at all. I don't recall any of these faces, but still not sure in my memory.
1	fairly certain. none look familiar at all and I feel like I would likely remember one of them
1	more certain than the last few. I think I remember seeing him and thinking he looked young
1	very. his face
1	he looks failure. I think i remember seeing him
1	fairly sure. I think he was i the line up but am not completely sure.
0	Not sure. not too sure
1	I think this is who I saw. . I'm not 100% sure. He looks familiar, however they all look very similar.
1	i am certain. This guy reminds me of Kenya West
0	a little certain. I think I remember seeing his coloring and eyebrows
1	almost positive. T His man has the same facial hair, skin color, and facial structure as a man in a previous photo.
0	not very sure. not very sure
1	extremely certain. I remember seeing his particular bone structure and nose flair yesterday
1	CERTAIN. DO NOT SEE ANYONE I HAD SEEN PREVIOUSLY
1	none look right. non-familiar
1	Not certain, but leaning towards myself being correct. Don't remember any of these from yesterday
0	not certain. because I'm not certain
1	50%. unsure
1	somewhat. i think i remember seeing him
1	Very certain. I don't remember any of these pictures at all from the list.
0	kinda sure. he feels familiar
1	Completely certain.. I remember seeing this photo.
0	not very certain. the faces aren't familiar
0	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	Half certain. Bone structure of the face, eyes, facial hair (5 o'clock shadow, I remember his face being slightly darker toward the mouth and neck without long facial hair)
1	Fairly certain. Don recognize anybody
0	I don't recognize any of these young men.. I just don't recognize any of them.
1	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize any
0	i am not certain at all. they do not ring a bell to me
1	Not very certain. His face stood out as familiar
1	I'm 100% certain I saw this face yesterday. I specifically remember seeing this person's face
0	I am pretty certain. The shape of the head with the goatee.
1	not too certain. The shape of his chin looks familiar
0	I am quite uncertain. The face looks familiar but I am unsure
1	I think I saw this face in the previous lineup, but with different clothing.. I'm not certain that I saw the above face, the clothing change threw me off some.
1	sort of. none are familiar but cannot know for sure
1	Fairly certain. His eyes are familiar.
1	I am pretty certain. I'm pretty sure I remember seeing this guy.
1	very. none of these faces look familiar
1	pretty sure. i think i saw him
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
1	certain. looks like my son
0	Not Sure. Don't remember
0	Not too certain.. I vaguely remember seeing him in the lineup, but it's not a strong memory. I don't feel confident about this choice.
0	I'm 20% sure I saw this guy.. I think I remember his face.
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
0	not all that sure. he looks familiar but now I'm not sure.
0	I know I have seen 1 of faces but two looks so alike I'm not sure which one I saw. Looks familiar but he also looks similar to the man directly to the right of him i can't be sure
0	Not really sure. I feel like I may have seen this face
1	I am certain. I remember this face and expression
0	Not confident. I can't remember the faces very well.
1	Totally. Not familiar at all
1	almost certain. I don't recognize any of these guys, but I feel like I should.
0	not very. he looks familiar.
1	Same reason as before.. Looking for exact picture of previous mugshots.
1	I am somewhat certain. These guys don't seem familiar to me.
1	I am very certain. None of these faces look familiar.
0	not at all certain . none of these faces are triggering any remembrance, but i can't say for certain that they weren't presence. they may not have memorable faces.
1	I am certain. None of these were present
1	fairly certain. don't notice any of the distinct characteristics from others
0	pretty certain. again, some features looked familiar, but not enough to pick them out
1	Certain. Wild hair.
0	Not very.. I think he was smiling.
1	certain. i don't think i saw any guys that look like this.
1	sort of certain. None look particularly familiar.
0	somewhat certain. i think i remember seeing him.
0	I am almost certain that I remember him.. His hair is familiar and his eyebrows.
1	I am 100 percent certain.. I remember this face.
0	Fairly certain. . I don't remember these faces.
0	not certain. because I'm not certain
0	I font think any of these were pictured earlier. I don't remember seeing these faces.
1	Fairly certain. His soft face seems familiar.
1	fairly sure. i don't think vie seen any of them
1	I remember this guy very well.. I thought he was cute, so he definitely stood out in my head.
1	certain. hairline and face.
0	"not too certain. face ""rings a bell"""
1	very. i did not see any of them
0	not all. I don't recognize them
1	very. faro.
1	Somewhat certain. I remember a similar face and maybe the haircut.
0	not really certain. he looks familiar, but I am not sure if he was there
1	Quite certain. None of the faces in this lineup look familiar.
1	fairly certain. no one looks familiar
0	Not very certain at all, I wouldn't hedge any bets on my choice that's for sure.. The nuances in his facial expression seemed somewhat familiar but not enough to put any real certainty behind the choice.
1	i am positive. this face is familiar
1	Very sure.. He looks like one of my friends.
1	I'm extremely certain about seeing this face.. I feel confident about saying I'm extremely certain about seeing this face before.
0	Kind of certain. Feel kind of certain I've seen the face
1	somewhat certain. his hair, his eyes and around his mouth
0	looks familiar . I'm not certain but appears to be a familiar face
1	Pretty sure. I do not even slightly recognize any of these faces.
1	Very Certain. I definitely recognize this guy
0	I don't remember their faces.. I'm not very certain that I didn't see their faces.
1	Fairly certain. I don't really recognize any of these faces, but could be wrong
1	Fairly certain I don't recognize anyone. I don't recognize anyone
0	A little certain.. I think I saw this one.
1	Certain. I remember his hairstyle.
1	I am almost 100% positive that I saw him yesterday. He reminded me of Kenya West when I saw him yesterday, so he is an easy face to remember
1	Slightly certain. None looked familiar.
1	I'm pretty certain.. It just feel correct to me from my memory.
1	somewhat. I remember his features like his face shape and hair, although he has a different expression today
1	I am fairly certain I seen this guy in the lineup.. I remember a young black man that was not smiling and mi fairly sure this is him
1	i remember this man. i remember his face
0	Not very confident at all. . Do not remember any of these faces.
0	moderately. one looks vaguely familiar but now since I am looking at so many faces I can't be sure
1	I'm a little more than half certain. the face seems very familiar
1	I am 80% sure.. Don't remember any of those faces.
1	somewhat. don't see
1	Fairly confident. One face looked familiar however the mouth was not right.
1	pretty certain.. I don't recognize anyone.
1	I'm 100 percent certain.. I remember this face.
0	Not very. I don't think I remember any of these from the previous line up
1	I think so?. He just looks familiar
1	Almost absolutely certain. I do not recognize any of these faces.
1	very sure. I don't recognize this faces.
1	I font recognize any of those faces. they do not look failure
0	not certain. I can't positively identify any of those men
1	sure. I don't recognize any of them
1	I am fairly certain about my choice.. His eyes and ears stood out to me.
0	not very. seemed familiar.
1	Slightly certain. The eyebrows and eyes look familiar which is why I chose him.
0	fairly certain. I do not recognize any distinguishing features with certainty
1	entirely. i remember this guy
0	I'm slightly certain. I think I may have seen him before
0	I think I'm wrong. He looks familiar, but I'm not really sure
1	Very.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Pretty sure. I don't recognize them
1	very certain. He had a distinctive haircut
1	50% This one actually looks familiar.. I recognize this guy actually
1	I am absolutely certain. I do not remember seeing any of the above people previously.
0	Not very sure at all. I think I remember him, but honestly I am not certain
1	Certain. I know he was in the lineup
1	fairly certain. none of them look familiar
1	Absolutely positive he was in a picture earlier. He looks like a EWE Wrestler, and I thought the same when I saw the picture earlier.
1	Fairly certain. The mans face shape, and distinctive features around the nose are very noticeable.
0	I am not very certain.. None of the faces are jumping out to me.
0	The face looks somewhat familiar. the type of hair and facial features look
1	I don't remember these guys.. I am pretty sure.
1	mostly certain. I don't recognize any of the above combinations of facial features
1	pretty sure. i don't feel like I've seen them before.
0	not very certain. I may have seen him
1	I don't recognize anyone. None of the people look familiar.
1	Somewhat certain. I do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation period.
1	Fairly sure. I do not recall seeing any of these faces in yesterday's study, but I cannot rule it out entirely either.
1	fairly. none looks similar
1	I am uncertain if I have seen one of these faces before. The faces are beginning to all seem similar and they either seem like I have seen none of them or all of them, it is disorienting
0	not. too many faces
1	certain. I don't think any of these people were in prior pictures
1	very certain. the shape of the lips and eyebrows.
1	I am somewhat certain. I don't see any familiar features.
0	Not at all. . No face stands out.
0	uncertain. I don't recognize anyone
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces
0	I AM NOT SURE. I REALLY DON'T REMEMBER SEEING HIM
1	I am fairly confident I have seen this person before. . I remember this persons hair style and eyebrows.
0	not certain. because he looks a little familiar
1	Very. No recognition whatsoever
1	Very. Remember his eyes.
1	very certain. don't remember any of these faces
1	it was the same face. it was the same face
0	not sure. a couple look vaguely familiar but not really.
1	80. none of them look right
1	Somewhat. None look familiar
1	Somewhat certain. I do not recall seeing any of these faces during the observation.
1	I don't think that he is in this line up. I don't remember seeing any of these people.
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
1	very. wasn't there
0	uncertain. looks familiar, but can't be sure
1	I am very certain of seeing this man.. This man has the same hair and facial expression as one that I saw.
1	I don't recognize any of those pictures.. I don't remember seeing any of their faces previously.
0	slightly. no one looks familiar
0	not very certain. They don't look familiar
0	Mildly certain. Face seems slightly familiar.. This face seems slightly familiar. I can tell the facial expressions are throwing me off.
0	I vaguely remember this guy at the very end, but now I don't know. . The longer I do this test the harder this becomes and my memory of the people yesterday is muddied.
1	certain. i have seen the hair before
1	Pretty certain. I don't recognize any of those people.
1	Fairly certain. He looks familiar
1	completely sure. i don't recognize any features on the examples shown.
0	somewhat. He looks like the guy in the blue & white plaid shirt
0	One of them I may have seen but In not sure. I think it is not him
1	I'm about 79% certain. i don't remember seeing any of these faces before.
0	Not certain. These faces look new
1	Very. I remember his nose
0	I am not very certain. I may or may not have seen this face. It looks familiar
0	Paid really close attention, did not see this guy.. Witness statements are bad after a certain amount of time.
1	Meg whatever. They don't look familiar.
1	Certain. None of these looks familiar
1	I think. I don't think i recognize any of them
1	I am quite certain. None of these men look like one that I have seen prior.
0	He seems familiar. I feel like he was in the lineup yesterday. I am not completely sure.
1	I am pretty sure. I don't remember any of these faces
1	certain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	pretty certain. I don't think I remember any of these faces
1	maybe. had a different look
1	VERY ACCURATE. I SAW THIS FACE IN THE LINE UP IN A WHITE SHIRT
1	I am pretty certain. I remember the faro/sideburns combo
1	70. facial hair
0	Moderately sure. These faces seem unfamiliar
1	pretty certain. I couldn't forget that hairstyle.
0	I think that guy was present. I'm almost positive he wasn't though
0	I'm about 50/50 . again, none of these faces are triggering any remembrance, but even less so than the series before...which makes me think they simply weren't there
0	not very certain. seems familiar, I think I remember this one.
1	mi fairly certain. i remember the smug look
1	Certain. Looks very familiar
0	i don't recall seeing any of these faces. i can't recognize anyone
0	not certain at all. He just seems to look like someone I saw yesterday
1	I am very certain I recognize the man above.. I recognize the haircut and mouth shape.
1	almost certain. I remember saying that this guy looked like Kenya west
1	I'm pretty certain.. I don't recognized any of the faces.
1	completely certain. i don't recognize any of the features shown on the examples.
1	quite. no familiar faces
1	Fairly. Eyes and mouth
1	Fairly sure. I don't recognize any of those men.
0	I AM NOT CERTAIN AT ALL. I DON'T KNOW. THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME
0	Not sure but I font think I saw any of these faces before. I wasn't sure.
0	I don't think and am almost certain the person is not in the lineup.. I don't recognize anyone in the lineup corresponding to the person I thought I saw
0	Not certain at all. In not certain.. he looks vaguely familiar
1	fairly certain. the facial expression seems familiar and unique.
1	I'm about 50% certain. I can't quite see any faces i recognize and I'm certain that the bottom right face wasn't in the faces previously the eyes look unevenly placed I don't remember anything like that
0	fairly. I don't recognize any of them
0	I don't recognize anyone there, but I can't be sure if there's a person I've seen or not.. All of them look pretty generic and unremarkable. Nothing about them stands out enough to make me remember anyone I've seen already.
1	I don't recall seeing any of these faces yesterday.. None of them look familiar.
0	i may have saw him. either i saw him earlier or he just reminds me of p.diddly
1	75 percent center. remember the face and forehead
1	Very sure. His hair looks familiar.
0	I'm fairly certain.. None of the faces seem familiar.
1	certain. mi sure
1	not certain. shape of face and ears.
1	very. I remember his haircut
1	Fairly certain.. These guys don't excite me.
0	partially certain. he looks familiar.
1	pretty certain. I don't remember any of these guys in any way. Nothing about them stood out to me.
0	I am somewhat certain I recognize the above.. His eyebrows make me think I have seen him before.
1	Absolutely.. His facial hair and structure of his face.
1	Very. None of these faces are familiar.
1	fairly certain. none of these faces look familiar
1	certain. he is not here.
1	I'm pretty certain.. I remember the hair.
0	I think I might have seen this guy. . I'm not sure but he looks kind of familiar.
1	Somewhat certain. I can't pinpoint any distinct features that would make me identify anyone
1	pretty certain. just don't look familiar.
1	I don't recognize any of these people, and I am very confident. None of these faces stand out as one I remember
1	positive. haircut and droopy eyes.
1	Fairly certain. Remember the facial hair.
0	I'm a little bit certain.. I don't think I remember seeing any of these faces, but I can't be sure.
1	I don't recognize anyone. None of the faces look familiar.
1	somewhat certain. he looks familiar
1	I am one hundred percent certain because he looks familiar to me. He looks familiar, so I am certain I am correct
1	uncertain. font recall these people from photos
1	Almost certain. I recognize the face
0	a little. I don't remember any distinct features on any of them
1	Very certain.. I didn't recognize anyone in this lineup.
0	a little certain. he seems a little familiar
1	a little certain. don't recognize eyes hair mouth
0	Not at all certain. I think I may have seen that one but can't be sure
1	Pretty certain. I remember this picture because he looks like one of my friends.
1	i did not see anyone of these people because they don't have blue eyes. the faces in the slide show had blue eyes none of these do.
0	somewhat. I feel like one or two look familiar, one more than the others, but I cannot place him in my mind of being there yesterday!
1	I am about 50% certain I saw him yesterday. I believe I saw him
1	I didn't see any of these people last time. I didn't remember any of these faces
1	Completely. I remember his eyes and hair.
1	not certain. no one stands out.
0	I am not very positive.. I think the nose and hairstyle look familiar.
0	not certain. head and ear shape appear similar to someone I remember
1	certain. i think i have seen him before with a different shirt on
0	almost certain . cannot remember any of these faces
0	kind of certain. several of these pictures look very similar but not all of them
1	no. font recognize
1	pretty certain.. He just looks families
0	Somewhat certain. None of these faces seem that familiar, but I'm not sure if it's because they are just basic, white guy faces or if I really haven't seen them before.
1	I'm 90% certain I recognize this person from the previous slides. . The person is recognizable mostly because of his haircut.
0	I am a little certain. I recall the face shape and ears, I think this is him
1	75. i font remember any of them
1	pretty sure. a lot of the white guys were kinda frat bro-y too and I don't remember seeing any of these
1	Almost certain. I tend to recall the head shape and facial features.
1	very. I recognize the hair and facial features
0	maybe 50% certain. the clothes are different so I'm not positive
1	I don't recognize any of these. . None of these even look remotely familiar to me.
1	Absolutely. All of the faces I saw had certain defining features I remembered them by, none of which are present here.
1	I remember him so I'm 100% certain.. He was smiling last time but I remember his hair and his face quite extensively.
1	fairly certain. none of them look familiar.
1	certain. looks familiar but expression is different
0	looks familiar . vaguely remember him
0	I am not at all certain I remember this person. Even though I am not certain that I saw this person, for some reason he looks familiar to me.
0	not very certain. I don't recognize any of these faces, but I feel like I should.
0	semi certain. lips and nose look familiar
1	moderately certain. i do not remember any of the faces from above
1	pretty familiar. His hair and eyebrows look familiar.
1	Sort of. I remember the chin
0	Somewhat certain. I don't think I remember any of these faces.
0	not very certain. looks similar to someone I saw in the line up
0	somewhat. i don't remember these faces
1	certain. same chin eyes and nose as one I've seen before.
0	not very certain. In not certain but this one seems familiar
1	Fairly sure. Do not recall any of these
0	It's hard for me to tell if I recognize them. They all have similar and common facial features which is making it hard to decide.
0	uncertain. don't recognize any faces
1	I feel like I remember seeing this face.. I remember his eyes and the way his eyebrows were set.
0	I'm not very certain about this one.. Some of the faces seem like they look a little familiar, but I'm not sure any of them were in the lineup.
1	Very Certain. I remember his facial structure and hair.
1	None look familiar. None look familiar to me.
1	I am certain.. I do not recall seeing any of these men.
1	may be a little certain. The tilt of the head and the look seems familiar
1	I am pretty confident. He looks familiar, I especially remember seeing someone with a similar mouth.
1	Very certain. I believe that is the same picture from yesterday
0	don't recognize anything about anyone's face. Nothing stands out as familiar
0	very uncertain. no one seems familiar
0	uncertain. I'm not sure
1	i definitely did not see any of these faces. I saw similar looking men, but none that were these guys.
1	completely. i remember this person
1	pretty positive. I remember his mouth and nose, and hairstyle
1	75%. I remember his facial features, different haircut maybe.
0	somewhat certain. the photo looks like one of the previously viewed faces
1	pretty certain. again, different expression but i remember his face
1	fairly certain. I font recognize anyone
1	pretty sure. I don't remember any white guys with hair like these guys'
1	Quite certain of my selection. facial recognition.
1	somewhat. I don't remember any of them that well.
1	remember. saw him before
1	None look familiar. I don't recognize any of them
0	not sure. i don't think i recognize any of these men
1	I'm very certain. because i font remember any of the faces
0	maybe?. he looks somewhat familiar - the hair looks right
1	None of the people shown appear familiar to me. . I do not recognize anyone from these pictures.
0	Not very. I think I remember his hair cut and brows.
1	I am fairly sure I saw his face . I remember this picture looking old, like from several years ago, his hair in particular
1	None were present. These were not present in the original set
0	a little bit. I remember his eyes
1	I am pretty sure. I remember the facial expression of the guy that I selected
0	Uncertain. The silhouette of his head seems really familiar
0	a little. Looks familiar but not sure
1	I'm pretty sure.. He looks a little like Kenya West
1	Very. He looked like Kenya West
0	I'm not very certain. . I'm not for sure but I think I have seen his eyes before.
1	Extremely certain. I remember his hair and face.
0	In a little certain. Maybe 50 percent.. He seems familiar, I tried to remember certain features.
1	uncertain. font recall these people from photos
1	I strongly remember seeing this face.. I recognize the lip color and the face shape.
0	Not certain. The face looks familiar, but I really can't tell if he was one of them.
1	Very certain. I'm very certain I saw that face yesterday because it is a unique face and is easy to remember.
1	don't remember. i can't remember those faces
1	mainly certain. familiar facial hair
1	fairly certain. don't recognize anyone from original photos.
0	maybe. cant remember
0	I am not completely certain of my choice. . After looking at the pictures above I can not pick one of these men. I do not remember seeing any yesterday.
1	Somewhat sure. I think there was a previous photo in which this man was making a goofy face. Now he is serious. I think I remember a gap in his teeth but I cannot see it in this photo.
1	fairly certain. i think i remember his eyes.
1	They do not look familiar . I do not recognize them
1	100%. i font think any were seen before
1	very certain. remember his expression.
0	pretty sure. nothing familiar
1	I am pretty sure. I don't remember anything about these faces
0	very uncertain. does not look familiar
0	I am fairly certain I do not recognize the men above.. I do not recognize any of the men above.
1	I'm not too certain.... he looks like the guy in the tank top shirt from yesterday
0	I'm not entirely sure. I feel like I've seen him before though. His hair line is the same, and the structure of his mouth looks the same. I recognize his eyes as well.
0	uncertain. These faces do not look familiar
1	Very Certain. Faces seem unfamiliar.
0	Not very confident.. The beard is something I remember but that's about it.
0	somewhat. no familiar faces
1	very. i remember those eyes
1	Pretty certain. None of the above men look familiar
0	I am not certain, I have a vague recollection of the previous lineup.. I made the response because In not certain at all of the choice I forgot the appearance.
1	Certain. I remember his hair.
0	I have no idea. I am starting to get confused about what faces I've seen before
1	pretty certain. I font remember seeing any of these guys
1	I don't see any faces I recognize. I don't see any faces I recognize.
0	I'm kinda certain.. Cheeks and eyes look familiar.
1	Fairly certain. Definitely looks like one of the people shown earlier.
1	I am definite. I remember his hairstyle and facial features
1	quite certain. The man looks familiar to who I saw yesterday. His hair looks familiar
1	very. I recall 0 people so far in the study in that context.
1	he may have been present. he looks familiar.
1	I don't think I've seen these men before. No obvious features are sticking out to me
1	100% certain that. No doubt in my mind.. Honestly, I thought this guy was really attractive. And looking today I think the same thing. And I never think many men are attractive.
1	Semi sort of certain.. I recognize those features.
1	Absolutely certain. I remember his facial features.
1	I don't remember seeing any of the guys in the above lineup from yesterday's lineup.. None of the guys above look familiar from yesterday's lineup at all.
0	not entirely certain. They're all so angry looking. A lot (if not all) of the people in the pictures were smiling in their photos so it's a little difficult to remember
0	i really have no idea. I honestly don't remember any of them, they're all starting to look the same
1	very certain remember the eyes. the eyes are very dissent.
0	fairly certain. I can't remember any of these faces.
1	not really certain. He looks familiar to one of the photos in the original lineup
1	kind of certain. looked familiar
0	Not sure. No one looks familiar
1	Somewhat certain. Eyes
1	Seems different. font see him
0	Maybe I've seen this guy. . I'm not totally sure, but he looks kind of familiar.
1	very. none of the traits i had implanted in my memory show up here
1	I'm sure. I'm sure
0	font know. font know
1	Fairly sure. He looks familiar
0	not very. none of these guys rang a bell to me
1	Fairly certain. He looks familiar but I may be wrong because he was smiling before
1	50% percent sure I did see him yesterday, he has the same hair.. I do recall seeing a similar face as the hair implies that I saw him yesterday but I'm only 50% certain.
1	Very. I recognize the man perfectly.
0	I am sort of certain. I kind of remember him but maybe it was the man on the left that I recall
1	Somewhat certain. I do not recognize any of these faces.
1	Fairly certain. Remember eyes
1	I'm pretty certain, the man that I chose above has a very distinct face.. The man that I chose has a very distinct face shape and his eyes and lips are what I remember the most.
1	I am fairly certain. He looks familiar.
1	Very. None of these faces are familiar.
0	Not very certain. I didn't recognize any of them
1	Very certain. He looks like rapper/ fashion icon Kenya West. I remember thinking that when I saw him.
0	fairly certain. font remember these faces
0	unsure. can't remember
0	I'm not sure about this group.. I don't think I saw any of these faces yesterday, but I'm not very sure about it.
1	Very certain. I recognize him
0	Not certain at all. The clothing similarities make it difficult, as that was one element I was paying attention to.
0	pretty certain. I'm pretty sure I remember seeing his face and expression
1	pretty sure. distinctive hair and facial hair.
0	I believe I may have seen this face before, though I am not certain. The face I selected appears familiar.
1	I'm very certain. I remember his facial hair.
1	I don't remember any of these guys. none
0	50 percent. it looks like one of them
1	Pretty sure. I remember that guy's haircut.
1	I'm about 60% sure I recognize this guy. . I remember the wavy hair and the stubble.
0	somewhat certain. I don't remember them
0	Not at all certain. I don't see anything I recognize
1	I am absolutely certain. I do not recall seeing any of these faces.
0	Not Very. Looks familiar
1	mostly. pretty sure none of these are photos from yesterday
0	Somewhat certain. I don't specifically recognize any of the faces above.
1	very certain. clearly remember his face
0	I'm fairly certain.. I don't recognize these faces.
1	Don't think so. None of the men stand out to me
0	font remember these faces. different looks
1	Fairly certain. None of the faces look super familiar
1	Not completely certain. The width of the neck and the acne ring a bell with me but I do not feel confident.
0	I think I saw him before. He kind of looks familiar
0	a little certain. he seems some familiar
1	very certain. i don't recognize anyone.
1	somewhat certain. It looks like someone I have seen
1	I am sure I didn't see any of these faces.. I don't remember anyone looking like any of these people.
1	kinda certain . In pretty sure that was the face but definitely remember the shirt
1	no faces look familiar.. I don't recognize any of these.
0	unsure . can't remember
1	Maybe I recall him. Not so sure on this one
1	i seen him yesterday. he looks like someone i know so i remembered him from yesterday
0	slightly certain. this face just seems familiar
1	very. no one looked familiar
1	Pretty certain. I font' recognize anyone's facial expression.
0	Not certain at all.. I feel like I might recognize a few of them, but then again, I don't know...At the end of the day I do not really remember the features of any of these six people.
1	Very confident.. The hair. The expression helps, but I remember this guy's hair.
0	Uncertain. None of these people look familiar, but I'm not confident that they weren't in the lineup
1	kind of certain. I don't recognize anyone , nobody looks familiar
0	Not sure. None of the eyes look familiar
1	I am fairly certain. None of these pictures looks like one that I have seen.
1	certain. eyes and hair very distinct
0	I am about half sure that none of the people here were in the original show. One looks familiar, but his face doesn't look quite right. I don't remember these faces.
1	fairly certain. no one here looks even a little familiar
1	I am very certain.. I remember his face and posture- more specifically his right-leaning position.
0	Unsure.. There is one who kind of looks similar but isn't close enough for me.
1	Positive. These are all really ugly dudes.
1	certain. I remember thinking he looks dorky
1	Extremely. I know
0	Not certain.. I can't remember these guys.
0	not very certain. I just font remember any if these faces
1	I think he was in the lineup. I think I recognize him
0	somewhat certain. I'm not sure but I don't think I saw any of them yesterday
1	certain. recall the face
1	like 50%. he looks sort of familiar
0	I am not very certain.. I am not very certain because some of the people shown above look familiar but then again they do not.
1	Certain. I know I've seen this face before.
1	certain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	Somewhat certain. It's the only one that looks familiar. I gave this guy the nickname Puff Daddy
1	fairly certain. i do not recall any of these men.
1	pretty sure. I don't remember these guys
0	I faintly recall seeing him.. His eyes and the shape of his face look vaguely familiar.
1	probably right. I don't remember those guys
1	68. remember him
1	I am somewhat certain.. I do not know if I saw this person in the lineup.
1	So so on this one. the shirts throw me off
1	I am almost 100 percent certain this photo yesterday. . He reminds me of a famous rapper.
1	75%. Did not see any of these people yesterday.
0	somewhat. The guy reminded me of my friend, but I'm not sure
0	Not sure. Don't remember
0	not very certain. I don't recall seeing any of these faces.
1	Only partially certain. None of them ring a bell, they don't look familiar to me
1	I am fairly certain. nobody here looks familiar.
0	unsure. I don't recall seeing any of these faces
0	I am somewhat sure.. He looks like someone I saw.
1	Pretty sure. I remember his face, I recognize it
0	not positive. I don't remember their faces.
0	unsure. look similar but can't distinguish exact match
1	somewhat. don't remember any of them
0	Fairly certain.. None of the men look overly familiar.
0	I think I remember his face, not sure though . Just his features, friendly eyes and innocent face seems familiar
1	Very certain. I don't remember any of those facial expressions
0	Not real sure. I think I may have seen this guy before, but I don't know.
0	Not certain. None look familiar.
1	I am completely sure.. I remember his bangs.
1	Moderately sure. The shape of this man's face looks familiar
0	about 50%certain. one looks familiar but mi not sure
1	very certain. I know I saw the person before
1	Very certain.. Recognizable facial features
0	Not very certain. I think I recognize his eyes and hair
1	somewhat certain. the face looks familiar, but I think he was wearing a white shirt in previous photo
0	I am mildly certain.. I don't recall seeing these men yesterday.
0	I think i am certain. I think i remember his face
0	unsure. font think i saw him
1	"I believe I'm right on this one. More confident than not.. I believe I remember this guy's face, but he had more neck revealed and was smiling so I""m not 100%"
1	very certain. physical appearance
1	Kinda certain. . Kinda remember him.
1	In pretty certain. I think i remember seeing him
1	Somewhat. Recognizable facial features
1	Certain. There were two black males who looked like 70's basketball players. This second one was wearing a tank top.
0	not certain. thought about top left, top right, & bottom right
1	I believe i remember seeing him because of his facial hair. I made it because i think i remember seeing him.
1	unsure. just looks familiar
1	none look familiar. none of their faces i remember
0	Partially certain.. The hair and facial features look familiar.
1	I didn't see any of the men from above, in yesterday's pictures.. None of the guys above look familiar to me at all from yesterday's lineup.
0	I don't think I've seen any of these guys. . I don't think I've seen any of these guys.
0	I'm not certain.. None of these faces look familiar.
1	semi certain. none of these guys look familiar to me
1	Very certain. Though the bottom right seems slightly familiar. None stand out other than the bottom right. But not enough for me to identify him.
0	Not very. He looks a bit familiar.
0	Not very certain. I don't really remember seeing any of these.
1	almost certain. I tried to give the faces names . So that I would remember them better. This one looks like the Kenya.
1	moderately sure. the facial features on these men do not match what i stored in memory
1	Pretty confident but not certain. Don't recall any of their faces
1	I am certain I have not previously viewed these witnesses. I don't remember any of their faces.
0	not certain. the eyes and the nose seem familiar.
0	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize any faces.
0	kinda sure noon I saw earlier is in the lineup. I don't recognize anything from anyone in the lineup.
1	pretty certain. I don't recognize any of these people.
1	fairly Certain. Pretty sure I saw this guy
1	very certain. I think i have seen him before and i thought he was attractive
0	not sure. I can't remember if I have seen any of these people
0	not very. I can't recall a similar face
0	somewhat. do not recognize any of the faces above
1	80% Sure. I feel like none of them are from the list of people I've seen.
1	certain. i remember his rank top and hair
0	I'm not positive on this one at all.. Not positive, there is one guy's photo that looks familiar but it's a different expression or his head is at a different angle.
1	I have never seen these faces before. I don't remember seeing any of these faces before. The fourth picture (bottom left) is a slightly possibility, but I don't remember any of these men.
1	I am pretty sure I saw him before.. He looks incredibly familiar.
1	somewhat certain. He eyebrows and eyes look familiar.
1	certain. NT present
0	pretty uncertain.. i think some of these people have distinct enough features that I'd remember them, but that's never guaranteed
1	Fairly certain. I think I saw this guy like four times in the line up, his nose and eyes are very familiar.
1	I am 60 percent certain.. None of these faces look familiar but I might not remember them.
0	don't recognize any of these, but I'm not sure. can't recall any of these faces
0	I'm not at all certain. He looks familiar. He seems familiar in his face but I'm not sure
1	I am very certain.. I made that response because I'm very certain that I saw that man yesterday!
1	I am 75% sure.. He looks very familiar, but with a different expression and shirt color.
1	75. I recognize his eyes and haircut/color
0	Not confident at all.. Do not remember these faces.
1	very certain. Definitely saw him, remember his nose, lips, facial hair, semi-faro.
1	I'm halfway certain that I saw him yesterday. I think I remember seeing him yesterday and I found him attractive
1	I'm 80 percent certain.. I don't remember these faces.
1	I think I'm right on this one, there aren't many appearances that I remember from the faces.. There aren't a lot of points that I can remember seeing in these faces, so I don't think they are from the original.
1	certain. no face looks familiar to me
1	somewhat certain. none of them look familiar.
1	somewhat familiar. I think the guys head size was similar to a mugshot I saw yesterday
0	Not Very Certain. None of these faces are standing out
1	Looks similar. Looks like one of the others I had seen
0	fairly sure. i remember the frat boy like face
0	a bit. I don't remember any of these.
0	maybe. kinda looks familiar.
1	fairly certain. he looks like my friend
0	Not sure. Don't remember
0	Unsure. I don't remember them
1	fairly certain. recognize facial traits
1	very certain. i font remember any of them
0	not very. no one looks too familiar
1	Pretty certain this is boy band. I named this guy boy band cause he looks like he is in a boy band.
1	extremely certain. I remember him clearly.
1	certain. font remember seeing these faces.
1	Not that certain. Might have seen one before, not sure
1	pretty certain i have never seen these guys before. i tried to give every person i saw earlier a feature to remember them by and i don't see any of those with these people
1	fairly certain. I don't think I saw any of these faces yesterday
1	not certain but he looks familiar. he looks familiar
1	not very. He looks most familiar of these
0	Very certain. Can't recall any of the faces
1	Pretty sure. The hair and facial hair look very familiar
1	pretty certain. he looks like Kenya and may actually be Kenya
1	100% certain. because I thought the guy was attractive
1	Fairly certain. He looks familiar
1	pretty sure. seems familiar
0	I am almost certain that I saw this face yesterday. He has on a different colored shirt and the background is different but I recognize the face
0	I'm fairly unsure about my response.. I am unsure because although I feel like the person I chose could be accurate due to making mental notes on who looked like a douche bag with a douche haircut, but at the same time, I just don't know entirely if this was who I saw.
0	I am not at all certain.. The face in the above image looked a little familiar but I'm not totally sure.
0	Not 100% certain. I can't specifically remember any of these faces, but am not sure if I am just not remembering
1	Fairly positive. Remember the angular facial hair.
0	kind of certain. i think i saw him earlier
0	kind of. i am not sure if i saw them
1	i don't recall seeing any of these faces before. i don't remember any of these faces.
0	Not certain.. I don't recall any of the faces.
0	somewhat, not very. I seem to remember this person or a similar person with a similar facial expression in one of the photos.
0	somewhat. don't remember this person at all. Can't recall any details
1	I am almost entirely confident in my answer.. I'm not completely certain because I feel like a couple of them are a face I may have seen, but I made mental notes on the African Americans looking like people from NBA and none of them are calling out to me with that mental note.
1	fairly. Don't recognize any of the faces
1	certain. his eyes and nose were memorable features.
1	I am very certain he was present. I remember the faro and goatee
0	I think I saw this guy. Again, I am totally not sure, though. I think I recognize him.
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
1	Very.. Don't recognize any of the faces.
1	Fairly certain.. I feel like I've seen him before.
1	fairly certain. None of them look familiar.
1	maybe. not sure
0	a little. his nose, I think I remember it
1	I am almost certain . He looks familiar
1	Fairly certain. They all look vaguely familiar but I do not remember any one specifically from the lineup.
1	Almost certain. No one is present from lineup.
1	I think i saw the person before. looks kind of familiar
1	i font remember any of these. mi confused
1	Fairly. Look familiar.
1	80% certain. none of them stand out to me
1	I don't remember seeing any of these people.. They don't look familiar
1	I am not close to certain.. He looks like a more human being,
1	I recall his face from the photos yesterday. He looks familiar to me
0	fairly certain. none of them looked familiar
1	50 percent certain I saw this guy yesterday. I remember him because I thought he looked like a football player
1	somewhat. I don't remember seeing these guys
0	not certain. no one looks familiar.
1	fairly certain. I think I remember someone with that particular expression and bone structure
1	pretty certain. remember him
1	sure. they all look the same
0	somewhat sure. i think i remember his facial hair
0	not very certain. I think I remember the eyes and eyebrows of this guy.
0	Somewhat certain.. None of the men look familiar in this lineup.
0	I'm about 40% certain. . None of the facial features stick out to me.
0	Not terribly. The deeply angled chin is a defining characteristic.
0	pretty certain. his face looks familiar.
0	I'm pretty certain. Beard.
1	Confident. I remember this person
1	I am extremely confident. His face stuck out immediately.
0	uncertain. I don't know
1	Certain.. I recognize his face.
1	Not that certain. Seemed the most familiar
0	fairly certain. none look familiar
1	Very certain. i do not recognize any of these faces.
0	not certain. He looks somewhat familiar.
1	I'm fairly certain I saw him yesterday.. I believe I remember seeing this face, except that he was smiling yesterday.
1	I am not certain at all on this one. . I just do not recall seeing any of these faces yesterday
1	Sort of certain. He looks familiar.
1	possible. looks like a different version of the photo
0	Somewhat. I feel like I have seen his face before.
0	slightly unsure. can't remember these faces
0	unsure. can't remember
1	I somewhat remember the face shape. the face looks familiar
0	not very. can't say for sure I have seen any of them
0	uncertain. looked slightly familiar
1	I think there is a good chance.. His face just sticks out.
0	I'm really not that certain.. I don't think I've seen any of these faces before.
1	I'm almost 100 percent confident. He looks like a basketball player and I remember him easily
1	slightly. looks familiar
1	very. don't recognize the face structure of any of these people
0	not too certain. he is black.
0	Not certain. I don't remember any of them.
1	very certain. i remember him from yesterday
1	fairly certain. don't remember him.
0	not too certain. looks familiar based on nose and face shape, but expression may have been different.
0	I am a little certain.. The image looks vaguely familiar.
1	he looks familiar. he looks like someone i saw earlier
1	Not very confident. I think I remember the facial hair on this gentleman. That's what I'm going with.
1	Pretty certain. I remember this person's features.
1	very. i don't remember these faces.
0	very uncertain. none of them look familiar
1	Somewhat sure. I font remember details face just looks familiar
0	somewhat. The head tilt and his features remind me of one of the previous photos.
1	Absolutely certain. I remember seeing him
0	I am not sure. They do not look familiar
0	Not Too Certain. I feel like I recognize this person's expression
0	somewhat certain. Again, none of the faces look familiar
0	I don't think I've seen any of these guys before. . I don't think I've seen any of these guys before.
0	I am not very certain of the chosen above.. I think I recognize him by skin tone, with highlights on his cheeks and forehead.
1	i think a little bit that i saw this guy. i remember the angle of is head
1	somewhat. there is one face that looks familiar but I am not sure
0	not very certain. he looks a little familiar but I'm not sure
1	extremely certain. I remember seeing this person yesterday because of their unique facial structure and their beard.
1	Don't recognize anyone. None look familiar
1	certain. not recognizing any faces.
1	Nice lineup. He looks a little bit familiar.
0	Moderately certain. . none of the faces are familiar.
1	Slightly uncertain. They look very close to one of the faces I saw yesterday but there seems to possibly be some small differences.
1	none look familiar, yet they seem memorable.. I recognize unique features usually.
1	I'm completely certain I saw this face yesterday. His face stands out for some reason, I know I saw this face
1	a little certain. I'm not for sure
0	I think I remember him in the line up but I'm not totally sure. I think I remember his neck, but I don't know if that is a stupid thing to go on, since a lot of people probably have similar necks
1	Not that certain. Might have seen one before, not sure
0	Not at all.. None of these faces stand out
1	Fairly . No particular feature stands out to me
0	pretty sure. the hair and face angle
1	pretty certain. font see anyone
1	very certain. i recall his face
0	I'm kinda certain about seeing this face before. . I feel confident about saying I'm kinda certain about seeing this face before.
0	not very. he seems sort of familiar.
0	slightly certain. I'm pretty sure I didn't see any of these faces
1	Extremely Certain. I recognize his eyes and his beard.
0	Not certain. His hair looks familiar
0	fairly certain. I do not recall any of these faces from yesterday
1	fairly certain. that face looks very familiar
1	Only partially certain.. His facial features and hair standout.
1	I font recognize any of these people. No one looks familiar
0	a little bit. his weird face
0	I'm slightly certain. I'm vaguely sure that I've seen this man's face before, but I couldn't tell you where.
0	not certain. I saw a lot of faces
1	pretty certain. None of them stand out
1	I am fairly sure. I don't recognize any of these faces, but I could have forgotten.
1	Fairly certain. I am almost positive that I do not recognize these people, but there's a small chance I'm wrong.
0	fairly sure. none of them look familiar.
1	very certain. hair, facial hair
1	There is no one present from yesterday. There are no faces that I recognize from yesterday's pictures.
0	not at all. again, i don't recognize these faces, but I'm pretty sure there wouldn't be this many rounds where i wasn't given a face from before
1	Certain. He looks familiar
0	None of these young men look familiar to me.. I can't seem to recognize any of them.
1	Fairly certain. I remember this guy because he looks like an old school Michael Vic.
1	Very certain.. They don't look familiar to me.
1	Didn't see that face. Sure of it.. Again, this is a gut feeling.
1	I am very certain. I do not recognize any of the faces shown here.
1	i think i saw him. i think i remember his expression
0	not certain. has some features that are familiar
1	pretty sure. I remember the face.
1	very certain. Not there
1	CERTAIN. NOPE, NONE OF THESE GUYS
0	I'm a little certain. None of these faces look too familiar, maybe a few look sort of familiar but not enough for me to call them out.
1	I'm about half certain that this guy was in the line up. . His face and hair look familiar. I believe he was smiling in the line up photo.
1	I'm fairly certain of my response.. I made the written response because I'm fairly certain none of these people resemble the person in question.
0	Not very certain.. I'm not sure if I saw this one or not.
1	pretty sure. do not look familiar
0	not sure. I can't say for sure whether I've see him before
0	unsure. looks familiar
1	certain. don't see him.
1	In between somewhat and mostly sure. Cheekbones to die for.
1	I am fairly certain of my response.. None of the faces seem familiar to me.
1	I'm 100 percent certain.. I don't recognize anyone in this lineup.
0	pretty sure. i font recognize anyone
0	Not very. One or two looked vaguely familiar, but not enough to click on.
1	very certain. no memorable faces
1	Not sure but I don't think I've seen them. They don't appear familiar
1	100%. I know this face was in the study
1	I'm fairly sure. I feel I remember the facial features and the eyes of this person.
1	Fairly. Memory
0	Slightly. This one, it's the lighting. I started to wonder if you all had darkened things.
0	Not entirely certain. . His eyes seem to look familiar.
1	i am certain about him. i have seen him
1	Certain. Remembered the large nose and small ears.
0	I'm not at all certain. They all look very similar.. I don't remember if I seen any of these faces yesterday
1	Dimples! This guy had a great smile and big dimples. Named this guy dimples!
1	Fairly Certain. this face rings a bell
1	none look familiar. do not recall any of these
0	50. JUST BECAUSE
1	Uncertain.. Don't recognize any of the faces.
1	very. did not see before.
0	slight certain. he looks a little familiar
0	I don't think I recognize anyone here, but I'm not really sure. None of the faces look familiar
1	pretty certain. the eyes and the nose look familiar
1	I'm quite certain. Everything about the face looks familiar
0	slightly, but not very. he looks familiar, but I'm not certain.
0	Somewhat certain. The facial shape, eye shape, and chin shape are close if it isn't him.
1	somewhat certain. looks familiar
0	Very unsure.. None of the faces ring a bell for me, but I could very easily be mistaken.
1	medium. no one looks familiar
1	somewhat certain. I don't think I saw any of them.
1	very certain.. I recognize this person from the photos before.
1	70. eyes look familiar
0	Reasonably Certain. None of the facial features look familiar. Though the top middle one could be.
1	pretty sure. I font remember these faces
1	Somewhat sure.. I think I saw the guy yesterday
0	Not certain. None of them look familiar.
1	i font recognize any of those faces. i dint see them
0	I think so. I think I remember him
1	semi. looks familiar
0	fairly certain. his fair looks familiar
0	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize any of these faces
0	not at all. I don't remember these guys
0	not certain. the small head kind of looks like who I saw yesterday
1	I'm pretty certain.. I don't recognized any of the faces.
0	Not too certain. None of them look familiar to me although one sticks out as somewhat more familiar than the others but I don't recall him being in the pictures.
1	I don't remember any of these faces. I don't recall them
0	I am a little certain. The shape of the head and eyes make me think he was in the previous pictures.
1	60% Sure. Looks familiar to one I've seen previously, but looks like it also might not be one so I'm not too sure.
1	pretty sure. none of them look familiar.
1	I am fairly certain. I don't really recognize anyone shown here.
1	fairly. I think I recall, but It may be because I saw him in previous lineups
0	Not very. Don't remember any of these faces from yesterday
1	A bit certain. I seem to recall this face.
1	moderately certain. their face looked familiar in the eyes, and hair
0	Pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them very clearly.
0	I don't remember any of these faces at all.. I cannot remember seeing any of the faces pictured.
1	I am fairly sure I haven't seen any of these faces.. I am not familiar with any of the faces.
1	I am very certain in my response.. Although, not 100% certain I don't think that I have seen any of these faces before.
0	Looks familiar. something about his face looks familiar.
1	very certain. clearly remember his face
0	LITTLE CERTAIN. LOOKED LIKE SOMEONE I KNEW
0	pretty certain. no one looks familiar
0	not very. no one looks familiar
1	50. His nose looks familiar to me.
0	I am not very certain.. I made this response because I do not remember if I saw that person but he looks familiar.
1	Pretty sure.. None of the faces looks even vaguely familiar.
1	completely sure. haven't seen these faces before.
1	Certain.. The guys weren't seen.
1	Completely. I recognize him very well.
0	none of them look familiar. if they don't look familiar I font think i have seen them before
0	somewhat certain. don't recognize eyes hair or mouth
1	I am pretty sure, not certain but he seems familiar . His hair and eyes remind me of someone I know
1	No one looks familiar.. I can't see any familiar picture in this group.
1	Very certain. I do not recognize any of the faces in the lineup
0	this guy somewhat looks familiar. i think i saw him earlier in the hit although i can't really remember
0	certain. i don't recognize anyone
0	not very. i do not recognize any of these people
1	I am certain.. I saw this person.
1	Somewhat certain. Again, none of the faces jump out at me.
1	pretty certain. no face looks familiar to me
1	moderately. I've never seen any of these guys
1	certain. i believe i saw this face previously
1	Pretty certain.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	pretty sure. i remember his face
1	Somewhat certain. None look familiar
0	I think I saw him before. His hair looks familiar
1	None of these faces look familiar. . because none of the faces look familiar.
1	I am 100% sure I saw this face.. I strongly recognize that face.
1	I'm not very certain, but I think I remember seeing him. I'm pretty sure I remember his face
1	I remember a different person.. The person in the lineup looked different.
1	semi certain. the face seems familiar
1	Pretty certain. His eyes and facial structure look like one of the people I saw.
0	I am certain I have never seen any of these faces. No one looked familiar.
0	somewhat . face looks familiar from previous line up
1	Extremely Certain. I don't recall seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability.
1	A little certain. I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	certain. i do not remember any of the faces looking like the ones above
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces.. I don't recall seeing the faces above.
1	Positive. He has an easy face to remember.
0	Not really. I don't remember these guys,
1	Not very certain. But still do not think he is here. . It's just not triggering any memory. However, it is hard BC so many of the black men just look the same.
1	very. font recognize them.
0	None of these are ringing a bell for me. I just don't feel like I recognize any of these.
1	pretty certain. remember the face
0	50/50. I think I remember the funny eyes
1	Pretty certain. I do believe I remember seeing him.
0	a little. none look familiar
0	I'm not very certain. They don't look familiar
1	I don't remember any of these faces. I don't remember any of these faces
0	Mostly. They don't look familiar.
0	I am not extremely certain. I do not seem to recall any of these faces.
1	pretty sure. his facial hair looks very familiar to me
0	I'm not at all certain.. The image above looks a little familiar.
1	Very certain. Remember this guy because he looks a little like Kenya West.
0	font know . font know
1	Somewhat. The eyes seem familiar
0	not certain at all. they all look the same
0	not sure to be honest. I do not remember seeing any of them
1	Pretty certain. He looks like I guy I dated a long time ago.
1	extremely certain. hair and expression are very similar to what I remember.
0	not sure. i don't recall seeing any of them before, but they all look so similar.
1	I am pretty certain none of these men were included.. None of these men's faces look familiar.
0	not certain. i font recognize any of them
0	not certain at all. I seem to recall someone that maybe looked like him from yesterday
0	not sure. some look familiar but unsure.
0	unsure. can't remember
0	I'm not very certain but he looks familiar.. The shape of his face is familiar but I'm not 100% sure.
0	not very certain. nose looks vaguely familiar
1	somewhat certain. i don't remember the faces
1	I don't recall any of those faces. . Because i don't recall any of them.
0	a little. that picture jumped out at me and after studying the others, it is the only one that seems familiar
1	He looks familiar. I'm not positive but he looks familiar to me
1	Fairly certain. none recognized
1	Very certain. Dint see any of these faces before.
1	certain. I did not see any of these people
0	not sure . none of them seem reconcilable
1	Not very certain. I can't %100 say that I remember any of these faces
1	no traits that i recognize. same
0	50% sure. looks familiar I'm less certain with him
1	not there. BC he wast there
0	I am kind of certain I did not see any of those faces.. None of these faces look familiar to the ones that I saw yesterday!
0	Fairly. One image looks familiar, but not familiar enough
1	Fairly certain. Nose, mouth, and ear shape.
1	pretty much. i font recognize anyone
1	I'm 60 percent certain.. I think I may have seen him in the first task because he looks familiar.
0	uncertain. no familiarity
1	very sure. His eye shape, and his brows. Also his lips look like he's pouting.
1	I'm fairly certain. None of the above look familiar.
0	Not sure. I feel like I might have seen that person but it's hard to tell.
1	Somewhat certain. eyes stand out.
1	very certain. remember his big beard
1	certain. no one looks similar.
0	Not sure. The ears look familiar
1	I believe I saw this man. I remember seeing someone in a blue shirt that looked like or was him.
1	mostly sure. don't recognize any faces
1	very certain. i font remember seeing any of these mend leers
1	Don't remember any of them. No features that pop out
1	Certain. Remembered weird looking ears.
1	I'm fairly certain.. None look overly familiar.
1	pretty sure. he looks like Trashed Wallace
1	very certain. Not there
1	I am somewhat certain.. I don't remember any of these men from yesterday.
0	OK. OK
1	Fairly. Looks familiar
1	In a little uncertain. I font remember any of these ones.
1	In pretty sure. He looks familiar so I think I saw him yesterday.
1	i don't recognize any of these guys. I don't remember any of these faces
0	Not real sure. I don't think I've seen any of these faces before, but they are starting to fade from my memory.
0	Moderately certain. Ears and hair cut.
1	I'm sure.. I know that this is one of the faces from yesterday.
0	not sure. i don't specifically recognize any of them
0	I font believe Ice seen these people before. None of them stand out
1	fairly certain. i do not recall any of these mend faces.
1	I fairly certain I've seen this face. The hair looks familiar.
1	mi pretty sure . i recall the eyes
0	unsure. not certain
0	not sure. I do not recognize any of these faces
1	fairly certain. didn't recognize.
1	Absolutely positive. I remember thinking he looks like Kendrick Perkins, an NBA player, so he stuck in my mind
0	confusing on this one. I just don't remember looking at these faces
1	pretty certain. I don't recall seeing anyone from yesterday
0	not certain at all. can't find familiarity in these faces
1	totally. chin for days.
1	Certain. No one is present from lineup.
1	mostly certain. No familiar features.
1	I definitely remember seeing this guy. i simply remember him. His haircut. His shirt was memorable last time, but now it's changed.
0	somewhat certain. he looks familiar-- his eyes and mouth.
1	very. definitely seen his picture before
1	I am certain about my response because I don't remember these faces. I don't see any man on here that I remember.
1	I feel like I'm familiar with this face.. The haircut and nose seems familiar to me.
0	somewhat certain. think he looks familiar.
0	Somewhat certain. I am not exactly sure what face I saw
0	Not. The eyebrows look familiar.
1	Very certain. I remember seeing him.
0	This is more difficult than I thought. I am not very certain, again. . I think I remember the cocked head, but not sure.
0	kind of. pretty sure I've never seen these faces
0	zero. zero
1	Certain. None familiar.
1	very certain. i remember his hair.
0	Not quite sure. I think I recall seeing him but not quite sure.
1	Very certain. No one looks familiar from the line up.
1	Fairly certain. I feel like I have seen his face before... In this case it's the mouth and the eyes.
1	Pretty certain. I don't recall seeing any of these people
1	I do not remember these men and I am certain.. Because I do not remember them.
0	a little bit. he looks a little familiar
0	Not very. I don't recall any of the faces.
0	not very certain. I am not positive I saw him yesterday
0	not very certain. the double chin looks familiar
1	I'm semi-certain.. The expression, angle of his face, and eyes seem familiar. It rings a bell but I can't be sure.
1	I am quiet confident. I do not recall anyone who looked like this.
0	I'm slightly certain the person is in the lineup. I vaguely recognize the person in the lineup above
1	Definitely remember. Different shirt, but definitely remember him
1	somewhat certain. i don't remember the faces
0	none. i don't recognize any
0	Only a little certain. Only the one seemed familiar at all to me.
0	Not too certain, this face sticks out to me though.. Seems a bit familiar but not sure if I saw this face yesterday or not.
1	Somewhat certain. I think I recognize that photo, but I am not positive.
0	Not very certain. I don't recall any of those faces.
0	I am a little certain that I saw this face yesterday. He looks familiar to me
0	Looks somewhat familiar. His hair and face look somewhat like someone from the task
0	NOT CONFIDENT. THEY ALL HAVE CERTAIN FEATURES I REMEMBER BUT NONE LOOK EXACTLY RIGHT
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	somewhat certain. the way the hair is combed, the shape of the face.
0	I am a little certain.. The image looks more familiar than any other I have seen so far.
1	60. JUST BECAUSE
0	a little. he looks familiar, but I am not sure
1	only partially sure. I do not recognize any of the faces, but could be wrong.
1	I am quite certain.. I do not recognize and of the above guys.
1	Very. None look familiar.
0	not very. the eyes look familiar
1	Very certain. Don believe I saw any of them.
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
0	not very. no one looks familiar
1	pretty certain i have never seen any of these people. no one has the features that match the people i saw
0	Somewhat certain. I really don't remember any of these faces
0	Not very. Looks familiar
0	Not very certain at all. I don't think the face is that familiar, but the demeanor and head tilt are. So I'm really not sure.
0	not very certain. he looks familiar from the previous images.
1	moderately. none of them look familiar enough to be sure
1	pretty sure. i remember
0	not at all. none look familiar
0	somewhat. looks like a similar photo in original
0	Not sure at all.. The bottom center face looks familiar to me, but I think that might be because I think he looks like Giddy, and I think I would remember thinking that if I saw him before. None of the other faces felt familiar.
0	maybe him. face
1	i font recognize any of those. they do not look familiar
0	I'm about 90% certain. None of these faces trigger any sort of recognition for me.
1	pretty sure I remember him. His head shape is very memorable
1	"fairly certain. He looks very much like the gentleman I mentally dubbed ""Samuel L. Jackson"" during the first part. He has striking cheekbones. However, I could be wrong."
1	somewhat. i think i remember seeing this person
1	certain. pretty sure
1	somewhat. hair line above the forehead.
1	"I am almost certain.. I remember the look in his eyes. Also I recall him looking like a ""mouth-breather"" before with his mouth open. "
0	somewhat. looks familiar.
0	25%. Was told to
1	I feel fairly confident that none of these faces look familiar. I do not recognize any of these faces.
0	I don't recall seeing any of these faces, not certain at all. none of them look familiar to me
0	Not really certain. I do not remember seeing any of these guys to the best of my ability.
0	kind of certain. I think I may have seen him
0	fifty percent. the further I get from seeing the photos, the harder it is to remember individual faces. None of these look right.
1	Really certain. His eyes.
1	pretty certain . don't remember seeing anyone in these pics
1	I can recall him somewhat. He stands out a little
0	35%. told to
0	a small amount. seems familiar
1	I am certain.. I recognized the persons face
1	pretty certain. his hair looks familiar
1	Fairly certain.. I don't see any faces I recognize.
1	Somewhat certain. I'm pretty sure I've seen this face, but I'm not that sure...
1	kind of. facial features.
0	fairly. no one seems familiar.
0	fairly. font' recognize any... they pretty much all look the same.
1	Somewhat. He looks familiar.
0	somewhat. face looks familiar
1	not really at all . the smirk seemed to stand out to me to I picked that guy
1	Mostly certain.. I don't recall anyone with these hair or eyes.
0	somewhat certain. I don't recall seeing any of these faces.
1	Don recall these gents. 90% on this one
0	I'm about 20% certain. The distinctive lips and ears in the face seem to match one from the previous set
0	not sure. no one stand sour.
1	I remember this person. I remember this person's ears
0	Not very certain.. It could be the guy in the lower right picture, but I don't know.
1	I am 100% sure.. He was shown three times with a different shirt color and expression.
1	I am certain. I don't recall any of these faces.
1	50/50. looks like someone from yesterday
0	A little. I remember that head tilt angle.
1	I am a little certain.. I think I remember this guy from before. The shape of his face stands out to me as far as recognizing him.
1	Most of these men do not remind me of anyone I've seen before. No one stands out to me.
1	pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them.
0	sort of certain. nobody stands out
0	Not very Certain. . I don't think any of them were in the lineup.
0	not very certain. they all look much too similar to tell.
0	I'm not certain.. None of these guys look familiar, but I don't remember.
1	possibly seen this one. the face looks familiar
1	I am pretty sure I haven't seen the faces before.. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	Very Certain.. I Know I saw him.
1	Totally. I saw him
0	somewhat. remember a goofy looking face
0	not very certain. none of them look familiar.
1	somewhat certain. it is the eye color, and lip shape that make me sure.
1	Moderately certain. I remember most of the white people as being blonde
0	Semi certain. Face looks familiar
1	fairly certain. Didn't recognize a face.
1	this guy looks familiar. he looks like a guy i seen yesterday
0	a little bit. I remember a guy being annoyed
0	unsure. I don't recognize anyone.
1	I am completely certain I saw this man yesterday!. I know for a fact that I saw this mans picture yesterday!
0	a little. All these faces look kind of computer generated
0	not at all. font recognize any
0	not very certain. I can't say whether I've seen any of these men before
1	pretty certain. i don't remember any of these faces.
0	i think i remember seeing this guy's face. he looks more familiar to me than the other guys' faces
0	he looks familiar. i feel this face stands out to me.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	very. not seen in line up.
1	Certain. No one looks familiar.
0	a bit unsure. None of the faces look familiar, but they are all starting to look the same.
1	fairly certain. I remember his eyes and nose
0	I'm not certain. I think I remember his intense scary eyes
1	certain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
0	semi-certain.. His face is familiar to me, but not too strongly.
1	Fairly certain. I thought maybe the bottom right man here was in the previous. . Even though I kinda thought the bottom right man was in the photo yesterday, I decided no because I don't remember there being a good looking black man yesterday. And this guy is semi cute.
0	pretty sure. None look that familiar to me
0	not quite certain. the man in the middle on the bottom seems familiar.
1	very certain. i remember from the chin fuzz
1	very. i do not recognize them.
0	I am somewhat certain.. I may have seen this person.
0	None of these people look familiar. No distinct features
1	I am fairly certain. I am pretty sure I saw this face, but with a different expression.
0	certain. Looks familiar.
1	Pretty certain. Nothing familiar about these faces
0	a little. I remember thinking he looked a little like a basketball player I used to like
1	about 90 percent. I feel like I saw him yesterday and remember that he looked like someone I know personally.
1	pretty certain. attractive face remember
1	I pretty certain. The shape of the face and the eyes stand out to me.
1	None of them look familiar. Don't recognize any of them
1	I feel somewhat certain that I have seen him before. . His face rang a bell.
0	a little. they are all vaguely familiar which means one could probably be sue but i cant be sure and couldn't make a decision
0	somewhat certain. looks sort of familiar
1	very certain. Not there.
1	The man in the top right corner looks like the guy I am thinking of, but not as happy. Therefore, I think he is not there. . Looks similar, but am sure it is not the same person.
0	This individual looks somewhat familiar. I think I recognize this individual.
1	somewhat. He looks somewhat familiar
0	very small. I remember thinking he looked like a goober
1	90% sure. non-familiar
1	fairly. looks very familiar
1	somewhat certain. looks familiar
1	very. I'm pretty sure
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
0	I am not very sure that I saw this person. For some reason this person looks familiar but I am not totally sure about that.
1	Fairly certain.. I don't think I have seen any of them before.
1	fairy certain. I do not recall seeing any of these people.
0	I don't think I've seen any of these guys. . I don't think I've seen any of these guys.
1	I am somewhat certain. The cheeks and eyes.
0	I don't recognize anyone. No one's face matches my memory
1	not sure. i think i may remember him
0	somewhat certain. none of them look too familiar to me
1	Kind of certain. None of these people look familiar.
0	i think mi certain that i font remember anybody here. i cant remember any of these
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember any of them.
0	Not very sure. his hair looks different but the face seems familiar
0	Sort of certain. These are strong faces, I hoped I would have remember them
1	pretty certain. I do not see any familiar faces
0	Not really. I think this face looks familiar, but no certain feature stands out
1	kind of. he looks familiar
0	I don't remember seeing any of these men.. I don't recognize any of their features from the previous pictures I saw.
1	kinda certain. hair, chin structure.
1	Moderately . Seems like he was in the photos but not positive.
0	Not certain at all.. I don't recall seeing any of them.
0	not sure. he seemed the most familiar
0	Not particularly. He seems familiar, but I could be mistaking him for someone else.
1	very certain. i am certain
1	certain. none of these guys were in the pictures.
0	A little certain. He seems familiar but I may be mistaken.
0	he looks familiar. He is bald.
1	Somewhat certain.. None of the men look familiar in the photos.
0	not very. no one jumps out.
1	Fairly certain.. I think I remember his nose.
1	I'm fairly certain about seeing this face.. I feel confident about saying I'm fairly certain about seeing this face before.
1	to a degree. I don't remember seeing them
0	None of these looked familiar.. I don't remember any of their unique features.
1	pretty certain. none of these people look familiar.
1	I am positive he was one of them. I definitely remember his face
0	unsure. I gave the pictures nicknames to remember them and then you changed them to no longer match
0	Not certain. The nose looks familiar
1	moderately certain. when i saw the photo i had a feeling that i had seen it before
1	somewhat. do not recognize face structure of any of them
1	Certain. I don't recognize any of these men.
1	I am fairly certain.. I don't remember any of these people.
1	very certain. don't remember any of these faces
1	Very certain I don't recognize anyone. I don't recognize anyone
0	pretty certain. none look familiar.
0	not too sure. this is the only face that made me feel some sort of recognition.
1	pretty certain. haircut
0	not very certain. I think I remember his facial expression
1	somewhat. I think I saw this face in the lineup
1	Quite. None of these fools looks familiar
0	not very. I vaguely feel like I remember seeing that face.
1	Very certain. I have not ever seen any of these people.
0	not certain at all. this guy is the most familiar, even though mi not sure its him
1	I am somewhat certain.. None of the men look familiar from the photos yesterday.
0	In really not certain. don't stand out
1	I am almost entirely confident.. I am pretty certain that I don't recognize any of the faces, but some self doubt is giving me a second opinion.
0	I am pretty sure I don't recognize any of the faces here. None of the faces seem familiar to me
0	Again like the previous one, not 100% certain but I don't recognize any of these faces. Not 100% certain but I don't think I've seen these faces
0	not very certain. the hair
1	moderately. I am 50/50
1	VERY ACCURATE. I REMEMBER HIS FLAT HAIR CUT
0	i don't know. I barely got to see any of the faces yesterday and can only really remember specific features like their expression/clothing, etc. if there is someone present here then they look too different to recognize.
1	pretty sure. i don't recognize anyone.
1	certain. none of them are recognizable to me
0	In only a little certain.. Someone from previous photos could be present but no one looks familiar.
1	I am very certain of my response because I remember thinking to myself that he looked weird when viewing the picture. I made my written response above because he looks familiar and I correlate him with a thought I had when
1	I remember the shape of the head. His head is very familiar.
0	Slightly. He just feels familiar to me.
1	pretty certain. looks similar to someone i saw in photos
0	pretty certain. I don't recall seeing any of these faces before.
0	i may have seen him. not real sure but he seems familiar
1	font remember any of these faces. don't remember seeing of these faces
1	60. i think i might remember him
0	Not certain at all. The guy I chose looks kind of familiar but not really
1	pretty certain. i saw his face earlier and recognized his brow
1	Pretty sure.. I don't recognize any of these haircuts or face shapes.
0	kinda sure. looks a little bit familiar
0	Think I might have seen this guy. I am not positive
0	somewhat uncertain. None look familiar enough for me to recall clearly
0	not very certain. the face shapes didn't look familiar.
1	not one matches the lineup of previous male. no same eyes nose jaw hair
1	I am quite certain. His head shape stood out to me.
1	very. i remember the mouth
1	Pretty certain. I feel like I remember his coloring and eyes
1	Somewhat certain. This one looks familiar to me.
1	very close to being completely certain. I do not recognize any of these faces
0	unsure. none of these men look completely familiar, but one looks slightly familiar
0	not very certain. only face that I thought seemed familiar.
0	Not really very certain.. The face rings a bell, I think.
1	pretty certain. the eyes look familiar and the hair
1	Fairly certain. I think I remember the dark circles under this mans eyes.
1	i am fairly certain. he looks like i have seen him before
0	I don't recognize anyone in the lineup above. I'm not certain if the person was in the previous faces picture or not
1	very certain. i don't recognize annoy
1	Fairly certain. None of the others looked familiar but this one did
0	not at all. don't recognize them
0	I think this young man was picture before. I think I recognize the facial hair.
0	I am kind of certain. his ears are asymmetrical.
0	some. no familiar faces
0	not too certain. two of the faces looked familiar
1	Very certain. none look familiar
1	Somewhat certain. I think the person I said I recognized had a neck that was skinny but it's hard to tell in the picture.
1	Fairly certain. The mustache looks familiar.
0	Almost somewhat certain, maybe.. Some of these faces are from previous line-ups.
1	I remember him being present, so I am certain. His eyes look familiar
1	Definitely 100% Certain.. The hair pattern against the forehead.
0	Not that certain. This face is pretty familiar to me, but I'm not sure if it's because i know someone who looks like him or if I saw this face before.
1	Very certain. I recall seeing a white male with an asymmetrical face.
1	Very. I didn't see that person.
1	I am somewhat certain.. He looks similar to someone I saw.
0	Not certain at all.. None of these faces are standing out.
0	maybe. unsure
1	moderate . I am not sure but i think i have seen him
1	I am pretty certain this is someone I saw. His facial features and hair color seem very familiar to me.
0	Unsure. They all look them same and I can't remember the face
0	Not very certain. No one looks familiar but I took my best guess
0	a little. one person still looked familiar
1	Fairly certain. I don't recognize these faces
0	not real postie. something looks familiar
1	I am fairly certain I have not seen any of these faces before. none of them seem familiar and they all look very similar
1	Certain. His facial symmetry, his eyes and hair, his mustache, his eyebrows being more profound.
1	pretty certain. Nobody looks familiar, I don't recognize anyone
1	Mostly Certain. The facial structure and eyes were what I remembered.
0	Not positive at all. These seem to be getting harder the more I go through!
0	I vaguely remember seeing this face.. I only chose this face because it looks familiar, but I feel I could be wrong.
1	very. Smiling previously
1	Somewhat. this face seems familiar but I'm not 100% certain
1	Doesn't look familiar. No recognition
1	very certain. I remember the shape of his face and facial hair
1	fairly. I remembered his particular facial hair and face shape.
0	kind of certain. i recognize his facial features
0	not certain. faces aren't familiar
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
1	fairly certain. i don't recognize any of these faces for any specific reason.
0	In a little confident I saw this one. I recall a narrow face, so he seems familiar
1	fairly. i recall his hair
1	I am almost sure I saw him.. He is smiling a bit in his mugshot, that helps.
1	certain. no face nor hair style is familiar
1	Pretty certain. None look familiar.
0	not much. don't remember
1	I am almost certain I saw his picture a few times.. I remember him wearing a blue shirt, maybe like plaid but with blue colors.
0	not very. no familiar faces
0	I'm not very sure. I don't really know. No one is jumping out at me
0	not certain. i font recognize them.
0	Partially?. This individual looks somewhat familiar to someone I may have seen in the study.
1	not very. lighting may be different
1	certain. cheek bones.
0	kind of certain. I don't specifically remember any of these faces.
1	Pretty sure. He looks familiar
0	uncertain. He might look slightly familiar
0	not very certain. I'm not confident I've seen him, but he feels familiar
1	I believe I remember this person. The facial features are pretty distinct, and the haircut
0	somewhat certain. I do not recognize any of their faces
1	Fairly. None of them look familiar.
0	I am not totally certain but I don't remember these faces.. I looked over all the faces and they do not look familiar.
1	I am fairly certain I have seen this face.. I recognize the eyes of this person.
1	I'm not very certain, but I don't think I've seen any of them before.. None of them look familiar to me, which is why I chose Not Present.
1	Semi certain.. Once again looks familiar
1	Pretty sure. Doesn't look like anyone from earlier.
1	certain. nothing looks familiar in any of them.
0	fairly certain. same hair style, eyes.
1	This guy was in the lineup and mi fairly sure.. This guy was in the lineup of faces from looking at him
1	very certain. I am certain
0	about sure. I think I remember seeing this guy.
0	pretty certain. i think the smile is the same as yesterday
1	"Completely. To help remember the faces, I gave them names. This one is ""Simon"", I also remember his eyes."
1	Very certain. I recognize this person from yesterday
1	Fairly certain.. This individual seems to be more familiar than any of the others.
1	Pretty certain. . The eyes seem a bit more conclusive to me in deciding if he was in a previously shown photo.
0	really unsure about this one. the clothes really throw me off
1	I am pretty certain. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
1	pretty. i font remember any of them.
1	very. he's very familiar
0	Looks familiar, but I'm not very certain. . The person looks familiar, but also has a kind of generic face.
1	very certain. i remember his large eyes, and faro.
1	very certain. Not there
0	a little certain. he seems like I may have seen him
0	I'm just guessing on this one. This is hard with them all wearing the same shirt now.
0	certain. His face looks familiar. His eyes.
1	I believe I remember seeing this face.. I remember the tilt of the head and the hair, and I think this is the same person I saw.
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember seeing anyone in this lineup.
0	Not sure. This individuals facial features look familiar
1	none of them look familiar. i don't think i saw any of them before
1	Fairly certain that there is not a man present in this selection.. I do not recognize any of these men from the images shown.
1	Almost certain. I do not recognize any of these
1	almost positively certain. I remember the hair from yesterday
1	I am 80% sure.. I believe it showed a picture of him with a different shirt color and expression.
1	Positive. No one is present from lineup.
1	Somewhat. I don't think I recognize any of them
1	Certain. No one is present from lineup.
1	very. eye color.
1	I remember his eyes, hair and mouth. I remembered thinking he was attractive yesterday
1	Fairly Certain. I recognize the hair, facial shape, facial hair, and complexion.
0	Not at all certain. Once again, the photo looks vaguely familiar. I feel like the facial expressions could be throwing me off, though.
1	I am about 80% certain. I don't remember seeing this face.
1	Fairly certain. None of them looked familiar.
1	completely. I remembered the facial hair.
0	Not very sure. . I cannot fully remember if I saw any of those individuals.
1	I am certain.. I remember this person from the photos yesterday.
1	I am very certain. He looks familiar
0	I don't recall seeing any of these photos earlier.. None of their features match what I remember from earlier.
1	almost completely certain. I remember that hairless part on the left eyebrow.
0	not very. none look familiar.
1	certain. I remember the right eyebrow had a break
0	not certain. I don't recall any of these faces.
0	fairly certain. don't recognize anyone
0	not very. I don't remember seeing any of their faces
1	I'm pretty certain he was in the previous lineup. i see your dark red shirt is a common scene, i do remember his face from the lineup
0	kind of . the eyes look piercing and familiar.
1	Mostly certain. This guy stood out to me as good looking, but in different lighting he wore a deer in the headlights type of expression
1	I feel pretty confident. I recognize the hair.
1	pretty certain. his eyes and mouth.
0	not sure. not sure
1	somewhat certain. I am recalling seeing him in the pictures before.
1	very. I'm pretty sure I seen him
1	I am certain of my response because none of them look familiar. None of them look familiar, so that's why I am certain
1	somewhat certain. i think i saw him
0	i am very uncertain . again, i only remember there being a few black men in the photos from yesterday, but i can't be sure I'm as good at remembering black faces as i am at remembering white faces
0	Not particularly certain. Again, this individual looks familiar, but it is very hard to tell because they all look quite similar
0	not very. his eyebrows and ears look familiar.
1	PRETTY CERTAIN. I DON'T REMEMBER ANY OF THESE GUYS
1	very certain. he was smiling in the other task but now he is straight faced
1	I don't think I saw any of these guys.. I looked closely but cannot tell.
0	pretty certain. the jawline looks familiar
1	very. I remember him
0	I think this is the correct answer.. The hair looks familiar, but the face seems wrong.
1	I definitely remember seeing this man.. this is another one of the people I gave a name.
1	sorta. looks familiar
1	I am absolutely certain. I do not recognize any of the faces.
1	I am certain none of these are from the previous day. No one stands out from the previous lineup
0	mi half certain. i may have seen him yesterday not comfortable for sure
0	He looks familiar. I remember his face and hair cut
0	Kind of certain. The hair.
1	Certain. I'm sure I saw him
1	neither of these look like them. they are close but not any that I seen yesterday
0	I think there's a slight chance I've seen this person already.. I feel like I mightn't seen him before, but I don't know for sure.
1	50%. None feel familiar to me.
1	certain. i dint recognize any of those faces
1	None of these men are familiar. . I don't remember seeing any of these men.
0	fairly. Don't recognize anyone.
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
1	I am somewhat certain of my response. I do not recall seeing these faces during the observation period.
1	i recognized his facial hair and shape of his face. looked familiar to me because of his facial hair and face
0	Not sure honestly. The middle top guy looks familiar, but maybe he's just smirking at me.
0	almost certain. unsure
1	none look familiar. I don't recognize anyone.
1	Almost certain but not quite. His hairline looks familiar
1	pretty certain. No one looks familiar to me.
1	mi cretin because of his wide forehead . i remember parts of his head
1	Very certain. I don't recognize any of those faces.
1	Kind of certain.. The face looks familiar to me, but not exactly sure. He was definitely wearing a different shirt if if I've seen him.
1	I have never seen any of these people. I've never seen them.
0	pretty certain. Do not remember seeing this face.
1	Somewhat certain. No one looks familiar.
1	Very certain. I remember the style of his hair and facial features
1	fairly certain. don't recognize any of them
1	I recognize this guy. Honestly am not sure if he looks like someone I've seen before, or if I saw his picture yesterday in this study.
1	Fairly certain. I remember the eyes
1	pretty certain. pretty sure i saw him
0	I am somewhat certain.. The hairstyle and shape of face look familiar to me.
1	Very sure. I don't recall any of these faces.
0	not certain. because I'm not certain
1	certain. no face looks familiar
0	A bit certain. I think I remember the expression on this face
0	Not certain.. I don't recall any.
0	I am not very certain.. I do not know if I saw this person.
1	Very. I don't recognize any of these men.
0	not at all. none of these faces are ringing any bells, but I'm afraid I just not recognize one that might be there.
0	Maybe 30%. Nose and eyes seem familiar
0	not all all certain. I just don't remember...
0	I'm kind of certain. I think I remember his face
1	I know I didn't see these faces.. None of these look familiar.
0	somewhat sure. I don't think i recognize these people
1	Very certain. I think I remember seeing him.
0	A little certain. His face looks familiar to me
0	halfway certain. He seems familiar in hair style and color, also face and chin shape
0	I am not totally sure but he resembles one of the faces. His head and ears are what I remember.
1	mi fairly sure. i remember the long face
0	I am not very certain.. The hair and the large eyes seem recognizable.
0	Not very certain. The person I selected looks a bit familiar, but I'm not sure he was in the lineup yesterday.
1	Not so sure about this one, but I feel he is the one I seen. It is the nose and the eyebrows for me.
1	A little certain. Shape of the ears
0	fairly certain. somewhat unsure
1	very. font remember
0	not very certain. I feel like it could be him or another one of them
0	not AR all. do not recognize any
1	Very certain that I don't recognize anyone here. I don't remember any of these distinctive faces
1	somewhat positive. eyes and hair
1	Pretty sure. Looks like an individual I saw yesterday
0	I am still not sure. I think I saw him before.
0	Not at all sure.. I'm not at all sure that I saw this face, I'm just going with my first impression here.
1	Absolutely certain.. I remember seeing that exact face.
0	none of these faces look familiar from yesterday. I'm about 40 percent sure. . I don't recall seeing any of these photos.
0	not so much. there was a gentlemen who like similar but not sure if that is him
1	Reasonably certain. I think I remember this one because I had a friend that somewhat looked like him
1	Mostly.. Nobody struck me as distinctive.
0	slightly certain. none of the faces look familiar
1	I am completely certain. The hair and the shape of the head along with the skin color.
1	Fairly certain.. I just don't remember them.
1	pretty certain. none of these guys look familiar at all
0	slightly. he looks somewhat familiar.
1	very. I do not recognize any of these faces.
0	pretty certain. none look familiar.
1	certain. I do not see any face that looks memorable to me
1	very certain. none of them look familiar
1	Sort of certain. I font recognize anyone, but I am unsure
1	Pretty certain. Don't recognize anyone.
0	Not very certain.. I can't recall at this point whether these men were shown in this specific study or the one before.
1	None of the men look familiar to me. I have no recollection of any of these men.
1	pretty certain. none of them seem familiar.
1	certain. i feel like I remember this face from yesterday
1	Pretty certain I never seen any of them. Don't remember seeing any of them
1	I'm almost positive.. I don't recall any of these faces and features
0	Again, I'm not certain. because I cannot be sure that I did or did not see the face yesterday
1	very. no one looks familiar.
1	I have not seen any of these faces. I have no memory of these faces.
1	pretty certain. the mouth/jawline is the same as before.
1	very certain. i remember his facial expression.
1	Almost completely. Remember specifically seeing this individual.
0	Kind of?. He looks kind of familiar
1	Certain. None look familiar.
1	medium. facial expression different.
1	pretty certain. again reminded me of someone.
1	Just a little certain.. I remember the face with shorter hair.
1	the 1st and 3rd pictures look vaguely familiar but I'm not certain they were in the group. 4 of the 6 were definitely not in the study. The other 2 I'm not sure of
1	somewhat. He reminds me of Captain America, and I saw someone in the prior lineup that struck that chord
1	slightly. eye color.
1	Somewhat certain. The eyes, nose and haircut look familiar.
0	I may seen this one before.. I am not certain if I have seen this one before, I think so.
1	very. no one was in the previous pictures.
1	I'm fairly certain.. I don't remember seeing any of theses faces yesterday, so I'm fairly certain In correct.
1	Pretty sure this photo was from yesterday. Not positive, but leaning towards yes.. I recall this person from yesterday. I remember him because he looks young and I felt bad for him.
1	Partially certain. This individual looks the most familiar and I believe I might have seen him in the activity
1	very. because i dint see this face
0	sorta. the hair looks familiar
0	Not certain. I don't recognize any of these faces
0	pretty sure. I do not remember any of these faces from yesterday
0	None of these faces are in my mind.. Although I felt the bottom middle individual looked familiar I believed none of these were viewed yesterday.
0	pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	I am fairly certain in my response. If i remember correctly, the selection had a noticeable haircut
1	a lot. unfamiliar
1	I am slightly certain.. I think I saw him.
0	not certain. i think i remember seeing him
1	Pretty certain. looks very familiar
1	Pretty sure I think. I just remember the face on this one. It seemed plain but I just remember this expression.
0	don't recognize any of these. no discernible characteristics
1	Pretty sure. Don't look familiar
0	I font remember any of these faces. because I font remember any of them
1	I don't recall seeing any of these. faces don't look familiar
1	Decently certain. . I don't see anyone that immediately makes me recognize one of the previously shown faces.
1	These guys don't look familiar. . No one looks familiar
1	about 50/50. The facial features seem familiar
1	A little certain.. I don't think I remember any of those faces.
1	fairly certain. looks familiar
0	not very. he seems familiar but I'm not sure.
1	kind of certain. i font remember these faces
1	uncertain. one looks slightly familiar, but his facial expression is different
1	I don't recognize anyone in this photo. . None of them look familiar.
1	pretty sure. nobody here was there.
0	I don't recognize any one. I font recognize anyone here
1	Mostly certain. I remember the square nose.
0	slightly. I feel like I recognize the eyes and lips.
0	a little. Not sure I saw any of them.
1	fairly certain. His hair and eyes look familiar to me
1	Moderate. I didn't recognize anyone
1	This person looks pretty familiar. The jaw and complexion of this person rings a bell
1	I am 100% certain as I remember his hair.. He had an faro and mustache which is very remember able.
1	I am somewhat certain.. I don't remember any of the men in the photos.
1	I seem to remember him. He looks familiar
1	Only slightly.. I recall the white guys all looked dumb as soup and I think this brow matches that
0	I don't recognize any one. I don't recognize any one
0	I don't recognize any of these faces.. Top left looks kind of familiar but I'm not sure.
0	0 percent. Some of the men looked similar to others I had seen but not completely
0	Looks somewhat familiar.. His face looks somewhat familiar.
1	Somewhat certain again. This face looks familiar to me, but cannot specifically remember
1	I'm mostly certain I remember seeing this person.. I remember his facial hair, and his lighter skin tone, and his facial features.
1	fairly certain. don't remember anyone
0	Very uncertain. More difficult each page
1	Very certain. Face position, eyes, and hair
1	I am fairly certain I haven't seen any of these men in the earlier photo set.. None of their feature match what I remember.
0	A little unsure. I think I saw this one yesterday but the memory is too hazy to be certain.
0	Only a little bit. Not sure if I actually recognize him.
1	almost positive . no one i recognize
1	pretty certain. no features look familiar
1	I'm pretty certain that none of these men were in the study. None of them look familiar at all
1	positive. font recall seeing any of these people
0	Fairly. His face sort of looks familiar
1	kind of certain. he looks familiar.
0	I font recognize any of the faces. I couldn't recall any of these people being familiar
1	pretty certain. cheekbones
0	Not completely. I think I remember his ears
0	I'm a little certain. I don't recognized any of the faces.
1	very certain . don't remember seeing anyone in these pics
1	Very. No recognizable faces.
1	Fairly certain. None of these faces jump out at me as having seen them before.
1	almost certain. I do not recognize any of the faces
0	I'm only somewhat certain. Only somewhat certain I've seen the face.
0	some. seem familiar
1	100% certain. I remember this guy and his hair clearly
1	fairly certain. I font recognize anyone in this lineup.
1	PRETTY CERTAIN. I REMEMBER HIS HAIR AND FACE
0	Not positive. None of the faces stand out as one I remember from yesterday
1	not features are familiar. none of these men have high enough cheek bones to be any of the men i saw.
1	i am a little more than half way certain. no faces look familiar
1	100%. i remembered him as douche white guy
1	Pretty certain. None of these faces look familiar.
1	Pretty certain. None of these faces are familiar.
1	pretty certain. i remember his deep neck divots
1	I saw him in the photos yesterday. I am fairly sure that's the same guy I am thinking of
1	mi pretty sure of his facial features. the mole on his cheek is familiar
1	very. his face looked crooked
0	Not at all certain. I'm really terrible at this. They are all just faces to me.
1	Certain.. None of them look familiar.
1	somewhat. familiar
0	50/50, I could be right I could be wrong. But this dude stands out to me.. He stands out to me more than the other guys do, but after looking at all the photos they all seem similarly familiar and unfamiliar to me.
1	I know I saw him before. He is someone I saw before previously
1	Kinda certain. The beard and nose are making me believe he is it.
1	kind of. looks familiar.
0	unsure. I can barely remember the faces from yesterday
0	not certain. I font remember any of these men
1	I do not believe I saw any of those faces yesterday!. None of the mend faces look familiar so I think I'm pretty sure I m correct.
0	Not very certain. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
1	I do not recognize anyone. . None of the faces triggered memory from yesterday.
1	mostly. i recognize his eyes.
1	fairly certain. i remember his lips and eyes.
0	similar. maybe
1	I don't remember seeing any of these people yesterday.. None of these men were in the photos yesterday.
1	pretty certain. this person looks familiar.
0	I'm not that sure, but I really don't recall seeing any of these faces before. None of the face types or haircuts seem familiar to me.
0	Sort of. . I didn't immediately recognize any of the faces.
1	Fairly certain. It looks like a different angle but I think I remember seeing this guy
1	somewhat. remember the haircut
1	Very Sure.. I remember this face. He was wearing a tank top in the photos.
0	A little certain. Looked familiar
0	Looks a little familiar.. It's his face again. It looks somewhat familiar to me.
0	not very certain. I feel I may have seen him before
0	not certain. because I'm not certain
0	One looks somewhat familiar. Facial hair and hair color
1	I don't recognize any of them. I don't see anyone i saw
1	I remember seeing the man that I chose above, in the lineup yesterday.. His facial structure and the way his eyes are a little more set apart tells me that he was in the lineup at some point yesterday.
1	100%. I remember he looked like Kenya west
1	certain. hair, thin, clothing.
1	I would say fairly certain. . I remember thinking this guy was pretty good looking and was thinking he looks like the American Boy.
0	Not sure at all.. The face I chose seems vaguely familiar to me, but I'm really not sure.
1	I am very certain. I know I have seen this face before, the hair style and face rings a bell in my photographic memory
1	I don't recall any of these men so I would be pretty certain that it's true.. I don't recall off the top of my head any of these men so I'm pretty certain.
0	not sure. i font recall any of them
1	about. I don't recognize any of them for the most part.
1	Very certain. I definitely remember this guy.
1	Pretty sure.. His slightly scrunched notes and lighter cheeks stood out to me yesterday and today.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these guys. as stated above.
1	certain. i remember his facial hair
1	Very certain. He has a unique facial structure that makes him easy to identify
1	pretty sure. non look familiar.
0	Not very certain. His face stood out to me but I don't specifically remember it
1	I am pretty sure I remember this guy. I think it's his hair and his lips that I remember.
1	I'm fifty fifty on this one. I am pretty sure I saw this one
0	not certain. The face stands out to me, but it's likely that I'm wrong.
1	pretty certain. hair and face look familiar.
1	Almost sure. His eyes are spaced funny, his right eye is lazy.
0	NOT. NONE
1	I am completely certain.. I know this was a face I saw previously.
1	fairly certain. He looks very familiar
1	very. I don't recognize any of these faces.
0	seems right. unsure
0	Somewhat certain. I remember this man looking a bit concerned
1	certain. don't remember any of them.
0	Not sure . The hair looks familiar
1	I am certain in my response.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Maybe like fifty percent certain. . I remember a face with hair and facial hair like this.
1	Pretty sure. I remember the hair.
0	somewhat certain. none of these people look familiar but i don't remember a lot of the people I saw last night
1	very. Did not see him
1	Somewhat certain. I think I remember this person's features from before.
1	certain. Have seen him with another shirt on
0	Not very certain. His eyebrows look vaguely familiar
1	fairly sure. none of them look familiar
1	I am almost certain. These faces do not seem familiar.
1	pretty certain. In the lineup he looked scared out of his mind, it makes sense that he has the same deer in the headlights look
1	I'm fairly certain that I've not seen these images before.. I do not recall any of the hairstyles shown from the previous images.
1	Not completely, but close?. I remember a guy that reminded me of my brother, and this one looks like him. But I'm not completely sure.
0	not very certain. i don't think I've seen any of them
0	Low certainty.. I think I remember a black man with a similar hair cut and expression from earlier.
1	Fairly certain. None of these men were present.
1	Somewhat certain.. I don't specifically remember the one I chose. But I feel confident he is the one.
1	100%. I remember his face but he was wearing a different shirt
0	not very certain. something about the nose looks familiar
1	pretty certain. None of the faces look familiar
0	somewhat uncertain. I may have seen him before, but I don't know
1	I don't see any familiar guy. Don't see the guy
1	A little. . I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	Certain. He was in the lineup
1	not very. the lighting might be to blame, but his face looks familiar.
1	These faces don't look familiar. . I don't recall seeing any of these faces.
0	a little certain. a couple people looked like they might be familiar, but not enough for me to think I have definitely see one or the other of them
1	I am certain I do not remember these men. None of these men look familiar.
0	Not certain. None of the faces are remember able
1	Very certain. I remember this guy because he looks like Denizen Washington.
0	I'm not quite sure.. I'm not confident.
0	a little. none of these faces stand out to me
1	certain. reminded me of Payne
0	not certain. it's just too many faces now in my head
1	Very confident. I recognize this face from yesterday
0	not very certain. font recognize anyone but cant be certain
0	I am not certain, but I cannot say for sure that I have seen one of these faces. I do not recognize these faces.
1	pretty certain . don't remember seeing anyone in these pics
0	Not completely sure.. I can't be completely sure, but I don't recall any of these faces.
1	pretty sure. I font remember any of these faces
1	60%. i seem to remember his face
0	Not very certain at all. I don't think any of the faces are familiar
0	I honestly am not certain at all. They all look the same
1	somewhat. I don't remember seeing any of them
1	I'm 80 percent certain.. None of these look familiar.
1	Very certain. I do not see anyone familiar.
1	pretty sure. I don't remember any of the faces above.
0	I am more on the side of uncertain. . I feel like this may have been a face I seen yesterday however I am really uncertain. The faces are starting to all blend together for me.
1	not certain. I don't remember these
0	this one looks vaguely familiar but mi unsure. pretty unsure about this one
1	I am somewhat certain I have seen the above. His eyebrows and forehead jog my memory.
0	Do not recognize anyone. Do not recognize anyone
1	I'm using my gut instinct. I think I may have seen him but not sure
1	Pretty sure. Did not see any face I remember, but not certain
1	very certain . the way he is facing the camera
0	maybe. none
1	confident. nothing stands out that I recognize with any of the subjects except bottom left somewhat familiar.
1	somewhat. no one looked familiar
1	I remember seeing this face. I remember the long neck and facial hair
0	looks familiar. not sure but looked familiar
1	very certain. don't remember any of these faces
1	I did not see any of these people.. I don't see any similarities with these faces and the faces previously.
1	Almost completely certain. I think I remember this persons hair cut
1	I am about 50% certain. He looks more familiar than the rest.
1	certain . This is one of the faces I recognize he is just not smiling in this photo.
0	I think I may have seen this image before.. This image looks somewhat familiar to me.
0	not sure. font remember any faces.
0	Somewhat. Don't recognize anyone.
1	I am confident with my response. . I remember the ears and facial hair.
0	Not certain at all.. I saw several that i thought appeared yesterday.
0	Somewhat. The guy might have been smiling earlier, somewhat altering my perception.
1	Somewhat sure.. I believe I saw this person before.
0	Not very certain. I believe this face to look familiar.
0	kind of certain. I do not remember the gentleman in the above pictures.
0	somewhat. this one took me a little longer, and this one seems familiar
1	Entirely certain. I do not recognize any of the men at all.
1	Somewhat. Bags under the eyes and fat lips
0	uncertain. font recall these people from photos
1	Very certain.. I think the angle and expression are familiar to me. His face rings a bell more strongly than any other so far in this experiment.
1	it was the same face. it was the same face
0	i don't know. I'm really bad at this. no one looks familiar.
1	Kinda certain. Rounder face and wide bridge of nose, plus the low cut hair.
0	I am 50% sure . I am looking at facial structure, eyes, hair, jaw lines.
1	Fully certain. This picture looks very much like the one I saw earlier. Same angle, chin, expression, hair, and eyes.
0	I'm slightly certain of the person I chose was in the previous lineup. I have a vague recollection of the person being in the lineup.
1	I'm fairly certain I didn't see any of these faces yesterday. None of them stand out to me
1	very certain. i can remember his haircut
1	I am mostly sure. cuss the bottom right jaw line looks familiar.
0	Not at all. I vaguely remember seeing this one.
1	ugh, i font know. moderately sure?. i would be terrible at picking a police lineup. there all so similar
1	fairly sure. looks familiar
1	somewhat sure. I think I saw that guy before.
0	I am pretty sure I saw him before. The facial structure.
1	certain. his eyes and face shape were what gave it away.
1	certain. looks familiar
0	not very certain. he looks familiar.
0	Not. I don't remember them.
1	somewhat confident. I think I saw him before, but not sure
1	I'm pretty sure i saw him yesterday. i remember the goatee
1	"Very certain. The face I selected I mentally tagged earlier as ""The Roman"". His features were memorably distinct."
1	Partially but not completely certain.. His eyes and stare.
0	Not sure. Again, I keep second guessing myself because I don't recognize anyone
1	very certain. I have not seen any of these faces.
0	I am pretty sure I saw this guy earlier. I think I saw him.
0	NOT VERY. I THINK I REMEMBER THIS GUY
1	I'm fairly certain.. I remember seeing this person, although we was wearing a smile in the previous pictures.
0	Somewhat. I don't remember seeing any of these faces
1	Fairly certain. None of the others looked familiar, but the selected did
1	pretty certain. same hair eyes and half open mouth as before.
1	I feel fairly confident. None of these faces look familiar.
1	somewhat. face
1	Somewhat certain. I seem to remember someone that looked similar to this photo
1	positive. squared jaw.
1	pretty certain. his facial hair.
1	In not. they font look familiar.
1	I am fairly certain. This person looks familiar because of the facial hair.
1	very certain. recognize the facial hair, the eyes, and the mouth and the nose.
1	almost positive he was in a picture earlier. He looks like one of my old friends.
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember seeing any of these men's faces
1	not so sure. In not recalling anyone
1	I feel confident I have seen him. . I am sure I have looked at his picture before.
0	not sure. i don't recall seeing any of these.
0	pretty darn unsure. Nobody has facial hair and that was largely my go to
0	not very. I can't be sure I recognize his features
1	Fairly certain. No faces are familiar to me.
1	85%. younger Kenya west
0	I am somewhat sure. his eyes pointing different direction I remember someone having eyes like that
1	not recognizing anyone. not recognizing anyone pretty sure none of these from yesterday
0	fairly. no one seems familiar.
1	I am fairly certain.. I am fairly certain because I do not remember seeing any of those people.
0	I am not terribly certain. He looks vaguely familiar.
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
1	kind of certain. none of the faces are familiar really
1	Pretty certain. I don't recognize the facial hair.
1	somewhat. i recognize the face structure
0	a little certain. I do not recall any of these faces from yesterday
0	not sure. I don't remember any of them
1	90 sure. remember eyes and lips
1	I am sort of certain. His eyes seem familiar.
0	I am not certain.. It is the most like the one I saw yesterday.
0	Somewhat. I don't remember any of these.
1	I do not believe I recognize anyone shown. None of the faces are familiar to me.
1	i am fairly certain. none look familiar
1	Fairly certain. I remember his hairline.
1	somewhat certain. hair and eye look familiar
0	not certain. not sure if I saw any of these faces
1	fairly certain. dint recognize anyone.
0	Somewhat certain. I don't remember these faces
1	Most certain.. The guys' shaved heads don't ring a bell with me.
0	sort of. i cant remember
0	Not sure at all. I remember hair flying
1	Totally certain. I don't recognize any of these faces.
0	Somewhat. This guy looks a tad familiar
1	very certain. i clearly remember this mans image.
0	40. hair looks familiar
1	100 percent certain. definitely saw him
0	Not very. He seems to be familiar.
1	All the pictures are of different people.. Every person pictured looks different.
0	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize any of these faces
1	I'm fairly certain. The man has very distinctive eyes and distinctive mouth.
1	I'm pretty certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	I am pretty sure I recognize him . his eyes strike me as someone I've seen before
1	pretty certain. hair and skin tone
1	I don't recognize anyone. They just don't look familiar to me
1	pretty sure. None of them look familiar
0	similar. maybe
1	Fairly Certain.. None of them look familiar.
1	I'm fairly certain I did not see any of these men in a previous lineup.. I'm pretty certain that I didn't see these men in the previous lineup yesterday even though some look kind of familiar.
0	kinda certain. he looks a little familiar
1	don't recognize. no one looks familiar.
1	a little. looks a little familiar
1	Pretty Certain. I think I remember.
1	i think pretty certain. i remember his face i think
0	I'm not very certain but i think i recall his hair. . he looks vaguely familiar.
0	not at all. they all look like generic white people
0	Not certain.. I can't remember any of these men.
0	not certain. he looks familiar
0	slight. too similar
1	None look familiar. I don't recognize any of these.
1	Fairly certain. I remember this man's haircut
1	I am pretty certain. No one looks familiar at all.
0	some. no familiar faces
1	fairly certain. I do not recognize any of the faces in these photos.
1	completely certain. The shape of their heads are slightly clover shaped but more exaggerated than a normal head shape. I would have remembered this.
1	Pretty certain. I remember his picture from before - I recognize the haircut.
0	not to sure. nothing familiar
0	Not sure. looks a little familiar
1	completely certain. i remember his face
0	not certain. I can't remember any of these people
1	I almost sure.. looks like a friend i know that's why I remember
0	slight. font look familiar
1	Almost certain. None of these men look familiar to me.
1	SLIGHT ACCURATE. I FEEL LIKE HIS FACE WAS ONE I'D SEEN
1	Fairly certain. I do believe I saw this face yesterday.
1	Absolutely positive. I clearly and firmly remember this gentleman's face
1	50/50. i could have seen him
0	slightly certain. his eyes seem familiar
1	Fairly. Don't recognize any of the faces
0	not very certain. some of the faces looked familiar but I am not at all certain
1	I remember seeing this guy, I'm about 75 percent confident. . I remember his eyes, so went straight to the photo.
1	very certain. I do not recall any of those faces
0	I am not certain on this one. I just feel he looks familiar.. I have a feeling I've seen him before.
1	Pretty sure.. I am fairly sure I remember seeing that photo, but with the shirt a different color, yesterday.
1	I am somewhat certain. because yesterday I remember saying that one of the guys looked like Kenya west, and this does too
1	fairly certain. this face looks familiar as if I saw it earlier
1	semi. I think he was the one with the gold chain and no smile
0	slightly. face looks slightly familiar
1	somewhat certain. hair style.
1	completely certain. I know I saw the person before
0	I am not very certain. He looks familiar to me
1	Very certain. I remember his hair and facial hair.
0	no certainty. I don't remember anyone hair with what is pictured.
0	I believe that is the person but not absolutely certain. all the people were smiling and in street clothes in the first pictures so its hard to tell
1	I am fairly sure I recognize this person. His nose is similar to someone I saw before.
1	I'm fairly certain.. None of the men in the photos look familiar.
1	Pretty sure. Again none of them look familiar
1	I believe I have never seen any of these people. I don't remember any of their faces.
1	somewhat . his hair
1	Fairly certain. This male looks familiar so I believe I saw his face yesterday
1	I'm pretty certain about my response. . I don't feel like I've seen any of these people.
1	Mostly certain. I don't recognize any of the above faces from the faces before.
1	pretty certain. the head shape and face are familiar
0	I'm about 50% sure. This looks like a guy I saw before only he was smiling then
1	fairly certain . I'm not positive that I saw this man, but he looks familiar.
0	I'm not very certain. I don't really remember seeing any of these.
0	uncertain. one looks familiar but I am unsure
0	I'm not very certain. I know it's not at least 3 of the guys, but the one that I chose looks a little more familiar than the rest.
1	I am fairly certain. None of the men pictured look familiar.
1	very. facial hair and eye brows
1	None of them look familiar. I don't recognize any of them.
0	One of the guys looks familiar but I can't say for certain it's him. The hair on the guy that looks familiar is not a haircut I remember seeing.
1	100%. he's very familiar
0	Fairly Certain. Hair cut looks familiar along with head shape.
1	I don't recognize anyone. . None of the faces match the ones from the first line ups
1	not very. No one seems familiar
1	Somewhat certain. Do not recognize any faces in the lineup
0	I am completely not certain on this one. . All of these individuals look so similar I cannot pick any one out from memory
1	Completely certain. His blue eyes and his wacky hair.
0	none of them look familiar. none look familiar
1	I feel very confident. None of the faces can be recalled.
1	about halfway. looks familiar, not certain, though
1	fairly. no one is familiar.
0	Not at all. I can't remember
1	I definitely remember him.. I remember this guy because I think he looks like Kenya West.
1	I am certain I have not seen these men. No faces pop up in my head.
1	Pretty certain.. Because I'm almost certain that none of the men here were previously present.
1	I'm 80% sure I did not see any of these men.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
0	a little certain. I think I'm getting a little bit confused because some of these people I have seen in other lineups
0	Less than fairly certain. Nobody looks familiar
0	maybe. i might saw that person
0	Not sure.. I feel like I've seen him before but I can't recall where. Perhaps I find him more aesthetically pleasing than the others.
1	mostly certain. I did not recognize any of the faces.
1	I'm not completely certain but feel this man was present but with different hair. I believe I have seen him in the previous photos
1	fairly certain. His face and hair length
0	not sure. no one looks familiar.
1	I am certain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	pretty certain. he has the same nose and eyes as before.
1	I do not believe I saw these yesterday. . None of them look familiar to me.
1	Fairly certain. His head shape looks the same as someone from before.
1	The shirt doesn't look familiar.. I don't remember the shirt.
0	not very certain. I don't remember any of these pictures
1	Certain. None of these men look familiar
0	Not very. Nobody looks familiar.
1	i am relatively certain . the tilt of his face looks familiar to me
1	pretty sure. Lack of recognition on the above faces.
1	pretty certain. None of these faces look familiar.
0	Not very certain. The man looks familiar but I am not sure I saw him before.
0	Not very certain. I feel like I've seen this face before
0	pretty sure. font recognize these folks.
1	pretty certain. his lips.
1	not sure but I think I saw this one. his long neck
1	very. Everyone looks unfamiliar
0	Not very certain.. He looks kind of familiar.
1	not present. I font see a face I remember
1	I font recognize anyone. None of these gentlemen look familiar.
0	not much at all. seems familiar
1	Somewhat certain.. I remember the shape of his face, but uncertain if it is exactly him.
1	extremely certain. I remember his facial expression and posture
1	somewhat certain. none of the faces seemed familiar in terms of shape, facial hair, etc.
1	I am very certain I saw this person yesterday.. I remember seeing this guy yesterday, but he had a smile.
1	somewhat certain. I think I remember the irregular shape of his head/skull
0	Not confident. I don't remember the faces very well.
1	75% sure. looks familiar
0	Very Little. I am not sure at all if i saw any of these men
0	Not very certain.. None of these people stand out in my memory, but I'm not sure.
1	I am halfway sure this is the guy pictured before. His facial structure looks similar.
1	Pretty sure. None of these are familiar.
1	I am confident in this one . I remember thinking this one was too young
1	Fairly certain. His hair looked familiar.
1	certain. hes not there
0	I don't think I'm very certain. I don't recognize for sure any of these men
1	Fairly certain. His face structure I recognize from yesterday
1	Pretty sure. Don't recognize any.
0	Somewhat certain. Don't recall seeing this face but its possible
1	Not sure.. Nobody stands out to me.
0	sort of certain. The eyes and chin look somewhat familiar.
0	Partially certain. I have been seeing so many of these questions, I am having a hard time at this point recognizing any of the faces anymore.
0	slightly. none of these faces look familiar.
0	somewhat. i don't remember a lot of people and they are all starting to blur together
1	certain.. don't remember any of them.
0	I am not very certain. I do not recognize any of the photos
1	very sure. none look familiar at all
0	I am slightly certain I saw this person yesterday. . It is the haircut that looks similar to what I saw yesterday.
1	Very certain.. Same guy I saw.
1	I feel as though I have seen this person before. That facial expression looks familiar to me.. I just feel that I've seen that person make that exact expression before yesterday. It looks familiar.
1	i think i remember this guy. he looked familiar
0	Kind of.. His bone structure.
1	pretty certain. I did not recognize any faces.
1	Very certain. He had a very similar expression in previous photos.
1	somewhat. the shape of his eyes is familiar.
1	I am pretty certain they are not above. . I do not remember seeing them.
1	certain. don't remember any of these faces
1	I do not recall viewing these faces before.. I chose NOT PRESENT to represent the fact that I have not seen these faces prior.
1	Very certain. I remember seeing him, especially by the hair and facial hair.
1	almost certain. I do not recognize any of the faces from before
0	My choice is uncertain. . As the line up progresses I feel I am becoming more and more uncertain of my choice. I have seen the faces as a choice in previous line ups and this is leading to confusion.
1	def no in the lineup yesterday. no traits that i memorized
0	mi pretty positive i haven seen them before. i could recognize any
1	very certain. none of these faces were shown to me.
0	I AM NOT SURE. I KIND OF SEEN HIM IN THE LINE UP
1	pretty certain. i think i remember him
0	Its possible this person may have been on the previous slides, but I'm not very sure. . The individual looks vaguely familiar.
0	it was the same face. it was the same face
1	Kind of certain. He looks familiar, but I cannot know for sure
0	Somewhat certain.. This individual looks somewhat familiar to me from the activity.
1	Fairly certain.. I remember his hair.
1	somewhat. don't recognize anyone
1	Somewhat certain. I don't remember any of those faces
0	not real certain. none of them really stand out
1	I am somewhat certain.. I do not know if I saw this person in the lineup.
0	not very certain at all. I'm not sure that any of these faces look familiar
0	I am guesstimating I've previously seen this face.. I only seem to somewhat recall his face.
1	quite certain. none are recognized.
1	very certain. none of the faces are familiar at all.
0	I am iffy on this one. it looks the most familiar out of all of the other pictures
1	i remember this face. he looks like Kenya west
1	I am fairly certain. None of these people seem familiar.
0	I am not completely certain. None of the men in the lineup make me recall any of the faces I saw.
1	very certain. off center eyes.
0	Kind of certain. His face looks very familiar
1	I font think Ice seen these faces. fairly confident
1	almost certain. same nose
1	I do not remember these faces or any features.. These faces are not familiar to me.
0	A little certain. This face looks familiar, though the expression is different so I can't tell for sure.
1	I'm slightly certain. His face stood out to me. It seemed familiar
0	not at all. wasn't sure enough on anyone in particular
0	I am somewhat certain I recognize this person. I think this person looks similar based on facial structure and hair.
0	not sure. 2 faces look familiar.
0	Fairly certain. None look familiar.
0	I don't remember these faces. They don't look familiar.
0	not really certain. no one's face jumped out as being familiar.
0	Not very certain. The two middle look kind of familiar but I am not sure at all.. They all look the same, but mostly unfamiliar.
0	a little certain. I don't remember any of them
0	maybe certain. i feel like you have changed the hairstyles that go with each face
1	Don't recognize. N-A
1	Somewhat Certain. I seem to remember someone with the lips and hair that my selection has.
1	Reasonably certain. The faces above are unfamiliar, but I'm uncertain about the one in the upper right panel. The angle of his head may have thrown me off.
0	Somewhat certain. facial expression, hair style. shape of face.
1	very certain. I'm very confident I've seen him
1	fairly certain. this gentleman looks very familiar and similar to the previous pictures I viewed, his facial structure and eyes stand out
1	certain. recall the face
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
0	I am somewhat certain.. He looks familiar to me but I'm not sure.
1	Again I do not remember the people above.. Because my memory did not recollect the pictures.
1	Certain. Nobody looks familiar.
0	Fairly sure. his features
1	somewhat. don't remember any bald men
0	none. do not recognize
1	I am very certain. I do not recognize them
1	certain. I don't remember anyone with weird shaped heads
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
1	Very sure. I recall seeing this face several times.
1	I am fairly certain.. I do not recall these faces.
0	This one feels like a maybe. nose and eye/eyebrows look familiar
1	Fairly certain. None of the people above feel familiar
0	not very. i font real seeing this person
1	pretty sure. it's the goatee
1	Certain. I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	certain. none of the faces are familiar
1	almost. the smug look.
1	Fairly certain. I don't really remember seeing any of these.
1	Fairly certain. He looks familiar
0	I don't know why these faces don't look like yesterdays!. Not looking like yesterdays.
0	I am mildly certain.. I don't believe I saw any of these men yesterday.
1	Somewhat. Nose and lips
1	Not totally certain. You can't always trust your memory.
1	I am fairly certain. I do not recognize any of the men above
1	very certain. All of these faces do not look familiar to me
1	very certain. faro
1	I could never forget that face. That face stood out above the others
0	uncertain. do not recognize any of them.
1	Somewhat certain.. His facial structure is familiar to me and it stands out. But cannot be 100% sure.
0	no one looks familiar. i don't think i saw any of these
1	Very certain. No one is familiar at all.
0	Not certain. Very difficult to tell
0	LITTLE CERTAIN. THE EARS AND EYES
0	Kind of. I recall a blond hair, blue eyed guy.
1	certain. not here
0	not certain. just don't recall these faces
0	Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.. Not very certain, yesterday seems like a long time ago at this point.
1	I'm 80 percent certain.. He looks very familiar like he most likely was in the first task.
1	This guy looks familiar too. . I think it's the goatee.
1	mi fairly certain of my response. I don't recognize any face above
0	This is hard! Not certain at all.. I don't recall seeing any of them, but I'm not sure
1	completely certain. he had a tank top on in the original pictures and a very happy expression, the jawline here is the same as is the eyes and the hair.
1	very certain. none are familiar
1	I'm pretty sure I've seen him before. I remember seeing the haircut previously.
1	pretty certain . don't recall seeing any of them
0	i think i saw him. his head tilt and nose looked familiar
1	pretty certain. i don't remember any of these people
1	I font recall any. I font recall any of the aces
1	Somewhat certain. He looks familiar - I think it's the eyebrows.
1	looks familiar. looks like someone I saw
1	Pretty certain . the face looks somewhat familiar especially with the hair
1	Totally sure. I remember thinking that this guy looks like a date rapist, and his face is branded into my brain (features, jaw, etc.).
0	Not certain at all.. I can't remember any of these guys.
1	positive. I remember this person was the only one with an faro so he stood out.
1	I think I recall him. My memory
1	certain. don't recognize them
1	very certain. I just really feel like I saw that face
1	Very. None of these men look remotely familiar.
1	pretty sure. don't recall
1	pretty certain. i don't recognize any of the faces in the lineup.
1	certain. none look familiar
1	I am somewhat certain.. He looks quite similar to someone I saw.
1	Somewhat. Not familiar
1	fairly certain. I remember his expression
1	Don't remember any of these faces. Nothing recognizable
0	Some familiarity. Baby face look
1	none look familiar. i do not recognize anyone
1	somewhat certain. no one looks familiar
0	I am kind of certain. This person looks familiar, his blonde hair does at least
0	Somewhat certain. I don't think I remember any of these faces.
1	Sort of certain. The facial features do not look familiar.
0	Moderately certain. His face immediately jumped out to me
1	I feel that none of these faces are there.. I do not recall any of these in the lineup.
1	somewhat certain. i don't recognize eyes or hair
1	Fairly sure. Don recognize anyone
0	a little certain. font remember any of these people
0	Kind of. Do not recognize any of the faces...close to what I think I remember seeing though.
1	100% sure.. Never saw any of these faces.
0	not sure. looks somewhat familiar but I am not certain.
0	somewhat. The face looks kind of familiar.
1	only fairly certain. I don't remember any of the above combinations of facial features
1	pretty certain. none familiar
1	I am about 50% certain that none of them were in the line up.. None of them look familiar to me.
1	Somewhat certain. The person on the top left seems very familiar but I recall a different style of hair.
1	I feel somewhat certain. His face sticks out as somewhat memorable.
1	A little. He looks like someone in the pictures earlier
1	i do not recognize them. i do not remember seeing them
0	I'm a little certain. He seems familiar.
0	Certain.. None of the guys look familiar.
1	Pretty certain. I am not completely but I am pretty certain
0	Somewhat Certain. It looked Familiar.
1	I am somewhat certain he is not here. I do not recognize anyone
0	Not sure. Don't remember
1	I am fairly certain. None of the faces seem like they were in the pictures before.
1	Somewhat certain. Seems familiar
1	I saw his face in the task yesterday. . I distinctly remember him.
1	I'm fairly certain. It looks like someone from the previous photos.
0	Somewhat certain. I think I remember this guy from his long neck.
1	very certain. i remember he looked like a friend of mine.
0	not very certain. mi having a hard time remembering faces at this point
0	kinda sure. The eyes are similar to what I have seen
0	Not very. This guy looks a little familiar
1	Certain. these men were not in the beginning.
0	Maybe Certain. His smirk looks familiar
0	Not entirely certain. No features or people stick out to me
1	Pretty certain.. His hair and face shape are familiar.
1	Nothing in this image looks familiar so I don't think it's any of them. the position of their heads or the facial expressions don't seem to stand out
1	very certain. I remember the facial structure. I looked at the facial structure and remembered it
1	fairly. I can't remember seeing them.
1	pretty certain. he is familiar
0	I am fairly confident. . None of the above features or facial expression seem familiar to me.
1	Very certain.. I remember this man very well.
1	Pretty certain. I don't recognize anyone in these photos
1	Somewhat. I think I've seen him before.
1	I think that I may have seen this guy before.. I think I remember him but I am not certain about my choice.
0	Uncertain. Seems familiar
0	Not very. They all look familiar and unfamiliar at the same time. Very generic faces.
0	I am about 50% certain.. None of them look familiar but it has been a day since I saw the faces.
1	Absolutely. Side burns, overall facial features and eye color.
0	Not at all certain. A couple of these faces look familiar to me and I can't pick just one so I have to say not present.
0	uncertain. i don't remember any of these men
1	don't recall any of these. don't recall any of these
0	Kind of sure.. His eyes.
1	completely certain. i don't recognize any of the features in this set of examples.
1	Pretty sure. I don't recall seeing any of those faces.
1	I am positive I have seen this face before. I recognize his eyes and mouth from earlier.
1	somewhat. very bright lighting
1	I'm 90% certain that I saw this guy in the collection of pictures.. They eyes, skin tone, and head shape match with one of the men I saw in the initial slide show.
0	I'm not sure at all.. I don't think I saw any of these faces, but I am not at all certain about it.
0	not very certain. may have seen this face before...
1	In certain due to the pictures provided. The person has a lighter complexion and different face compared to the other pictures provided.
1	Somewhat sure. I don't recognize any of them.
1	Quite certain. I remember thinking he reminded me of someone.
1	FAIRLY CONFIDENT. NOTHING MENTALLY FLAGGED
1	Somewhat certain.. I recognize his face a little bit.
1	Don't recall. Not familiar
1	Halfway certain. I think I remember seeing him, it's hard to point out a specific since there is not much unique about him.
1	Fairly sure. Remember an individual with a similar haircut and eyebrows
1	I'm fairly certain. One of the guys looks MAYBE like I saw him before, but not likely.. Hard to tell since no one is smiling. Also, the hair may be different. But again, I don't think anyone is from before.
1	somewhat certain. none of the faces seemed familiar in terms of face shape.
1	Somewhat certain. None of the above individuals have characteristics that remind me of anyone.
0	i font remember any of them. font remember them
1	certain. i remember this face and expression
1	definitely. recognized immediately.
1	Somewhat certain. Do not recognize any faces in the lineup
1	Very. I recognize him and his hair cut and face.
0	a little bit. I'm not fully certain
1	cant remember his face . font know
1	some what certain. I don't recall seeing these faces
0	Slightly confident, but not sure. . Might remember, not sure though.
1	I don't remember seeing any of them. None of them look familiar
1	Some of these people look similar, but I don't believe I saw any of them. . I think two of them look similar, but I don't think I saw either of them.
1	They all look new. The facial features look different than the others
1	Extremely. I know I saw him
1	Certain. Never seen these pictures.
0	Somewhat uncertain. He was potentially in the lineup
0	fairly certain. Remembered the eyes and hair.
0	Slightly certain. His facial hair seemed familiar
0	barely. The facial hair looks familiar
0	I'm slightly certain.. This man's face looks distinctive and familiar, but I can't place where I've seen it.
1	I'm almost certain I seen him previously. His one eyebrow raised rings a bell to me
1	I am pretty certain. I do not remember the shirt that the person has on
0	not very. I can't say for sure that I remember
0	unsure. maybe
1	I don't remember any of them.. I don't remember seeing their faces.
0	font recognize. hard to tell
0	familiar face but not certain. familiar face but not certain
0	A little certain. I can't pinpoint any facial features I distinctly remember.
0	Not very certain. Two of the faces look familiar but I am not sure
1	I am completely certain that I've seen this guy before. I remember the goatee and the shape of his jaw.
0	I feel slightly certain in the lineup person.. I'm slightly certain and not certain at all of my choice of the person in question
0	not certain. i font remember
1	Certain. Close set eyes and thicker eyebrows reminded of someone I knew in school
1	mostly certain. None of the facial features feel familiar
1	I am almost certain that I saw this man prior. I remember his facial structure specifically.
0	Very uncertain. One face looked very familiar to me (I nearly chose him), but I couldn't remember for sure.
0	In not certain I saw any of them. I don't recall seeing any of them
1	None of these faces look familiar. If someone was actually present, I think the expression is throwing me off.
0	NOT SURE. THEY ALL LOOK ALIKE
0	This is so hard! Not very sure. I can't for sure say any of the faces are ones I've seen
0	I don't recognize any of these people, so I am not certain about any of them.. None of the features of these men are familiar.
0	Unsure. Nothing about these people seems familiar
1	very certain. i remember him.
1	fairly sure. I recognize him.
0	possibly. looks familiar to me
0	not certain at all. mi taking a guess but I don't remember this person
1	I don't recognize any of these photos from yesterday. These faces look unfamiliar
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
1	very. His mushroom hair.
1	I am certain. I do not recognize any of their faces.
1	Absolutely. None of the individuals look familiar.
0	moderately certain. None of the faces looked familiar
0	Sort of.. I didn't immediately recognize any of the faces.
0	No one looks familiar. I don't remember any of these men
0	Not very sure.. None of the faces look very familiar but I'm unsure.
1	fairly. this man's expression is unique
0	Only about 10 percent sure. They all look the same. Just a feeling.
1	I don't remember these faces I am certain they are not familiar. . These faces look somewhat familiar but I don't recall.
0	not exactly sure. they have a lot of the same features so mi unsure
0	I feel like I remember someone with this haircut.. I can't be sure this was the guy.
1	fairly certain. Looks familiar
1	Semi confident in this one.. The eyebrows are unique.
0	I am pretty sure . I am examining the photo and looking at eye structure, hair, jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday.
1	very certain. i recognize his hair, and the indents in his collar bone.
1	pretty sure. I think I remember seeing him
0	pretty certain. I don't recognize any of these people.
1	kind of certain. I feel like a similar looking man was in the pictures yesterday
1	Pretty sure. I remember the wide nose and the haircut.
0	not certain. none look familiar- putting them all in the same shirt makes this very difficult
0	not a whole lot of confidence. this guy kind of looks familiar but I don't know
1	I am certain that he was one fem yesterday. i distinctly remember him
1	very certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	pretty certain. I thought everyone i remembered was smiling more
1	certain. remembered how his neck looked
1	I am somewhat certain. I did not recognize any of these faces.
0	not certain. there is a face that looks familiar, but I'm not sure.
0	not really certain. think i remember his eyes.
0	very uncertain. Aside from lopsided hair up there, all these dude look very generic so how would I remember them?
1	Absolutely. This is the first time I am seeing any pictures.
1	Sort of certain. I once again do not recognize anyone.
1	half. I remember the eyes
0	pretty sure. i don't recognize any of these people
1	very certain. I remember the expression.
0	not at all . I even think the bottom left and right are the same dude
1	Somewhat certain. similar skin color, and facial hair.
1	Just kinda certain. Looks familiar, but not sure if it was from the pictures.
1	Mostly.. Nobody looks familiar.
1	very certain. i see no features that i remember from before
1	100 percent. He looks very similar to his picture
1	certain. mouth.
0	I think that there is no one present from yesterday. The second guy in the last row looks familiar but I am not at all certain.
0	narrowed it down to two. remembered confident expression
1	don't remember them. I don't recognize any of these guys
1	I am very certain he was present. His face reminded me of Kenya West
1	I am close to completely certain. He has a very rectangular face, and a strong jaw that I remember.
0	certain. the face is similar
0	I am certain. I don't recall seeing these men.
1	0%. Yeah at this point they are all blended together and I can only remember one specific guy.
1	Very Certain. I am very sure that I have seen this man.
0	pretty certain. The guy had light eyes and great eyebrows
1	mostly certain. looks familiar.
1	Not very sure. Facial hair and his nose.
1	I am pretty certain.. None of these faces looked at all familiar to me.
1	I'm positive. I remember thinking he resembles Kenya West
1	some. I think his hair looks familiar
0	not very confident. none look that familiar, the one selected looks slightly familiar.
1	50/50. Chin
1	Somewhat certain. . I don't feel any familiarity with any of these faces.
0	This face is somewhat familiar.. This face feels slightly familiar. Two of the faces felt familiar in this grouping.
0	not certain. he seems slightly familiar
1	pretty sure. think he was smiling in the reference picture
1	pretty certain. remember hairline.
0	I am a little certain in my response. I cannot remember if I saw any of them yesterday
1	Not completely certain. The hair cut looks somewhat familiar.
0	Not sure. No one stands out to me
1	I am very certain. No one in this lineup seems remotely familiar to me.
0	not sure. no one really looked familiar.
1	Pretty certain . I remember how small his face and head was.
1	somewhat. none of the pictures look familiar to me
0	very unsure . I cant remember any of them
0	not really. No one looks familiar.
0	Somewhat certain.. The guy looks familiar.
0	none look familiar. unsure
0	somewhat certain. the beard and hair look familiar.
1	almost certain. he looks very familiar
0	shake. i just feel like I saw him before
0	50/50. I kind of remember a cone head
0	not very certain. He looks familiar
0	looks right. looks familiar
0	somewhat. He looks sort of familiar, I vaguely remember the hair and features
1	I am somewhat certain in my response. He looks familiar to me from yesterdays experiment
1	I feel confident in my response. I believe I saw him yesterday
1	Fairly positive. They all look pretty distinct so I should remember if I saw one of them.
1	a little. this person looks familiar
1	somewhat. this individual has a very similar face and haircut to one that i remember
0	I am not certain at all.. Two of these faces look somewhat familiar.
0	I don't think I've seen any of these guys. . I don't think I've seen any of these guys.
1	I feel pretty certain of my response. . This guy's face and hair look familiar.
1	Don't see anyone familiar. Nothing stands out to me
1	Almost positive, but not 100%. Looks familiar.
1	Fairly. None of the faces look very familiar
1	I am not 100% sure.. The facial expressions are throwing me off a bit, but I don't believe I saw any of these people.
1	Quite certain. I am pretty sure I saw this guy yesterday, the hairstyle and facial shape seem familiar
1	pretty certain. font see any
1	pretty certain. Looking down nose
1	Remember this face just in a different colored shirt.. I narrowed it down between 3 different faces that look slightly familiar so through process of elimination.
0	a little. I remember his face shape, but all of these faces look too similar
1	very certain. I remember the shape of his face and the goatee
1	very certain. thickness of face and hair cut
1	not entirely sure. I think I remember his hair
1	fairly certain I've seen him before. I'm pretty certain I've seen him before, I just don't remember the shirt
0	not all that sure. I remember the eyes but not sure
0	I'm not certain I saw any of them. I don't recall seeing any of them
0	Not very sure. The face seems sort of familiar, but I am not sure.
1	FAIRLY CERTAIN. I THINK I REMEMBER THIS GENTLEMAN
1	positive . I didn't saw them in face survey yesterday
1	Kind of unsure.. None of them matched up to what I saw in the past.
0	NOT. NOT
0	NOT. NOT
0	I am only a little certain . something about this face sticks out to me, I don't think it was shown as often as others
0	not certain at all. can't recognize any of them
0	Not certain. I vaguely feel like I saw someone before with his eye, nose, and mouth combination. It looked similar enough that I would bet him out of any of them listed.
1	FAIRLY CERTAIN. EYES STICK OUT TO ME
0	not sure. I seem to recollect the expression
1	pretty certain. hairline looks familiar
0	i am guessing again. i do not recall which of these guys were in the pictures
0	Not very certain.. I think I remember him, but I'm not sure.
1	kind of. Do not recognize anyone
0	Vaguely remember. looks like someone I saw
0	50%. I think a couple of them look vaguely familiar
1	I am very certain. I font remember any of the details
1	I am very certain. I remember thinking he looked silly
1	Somewhat. I'm not sure I saw that face yesterday but it looks familiar.
1	Very. None of those faces are familiar to me.
1	Somewhat. That face looks familiar to me.
1	pretty confident. none of the facial features bring any memories to mind
1	very certain. I recall his face
0	pretty certain. the mustache looks familiar
0	kinda certain. looks sorta familiar
1	yes. I remember seeing him
0	I don't recognize anyone, but I'm not sure if someone is there that I've seen or not.. I chose Not Present because I just don't recognize anyone even if I've seen them before.
1	Mostly certain.. None of the faces above are familiar to me.
1	Certain. I don't recognize anyone.
0	a little uncertain. I'm not sure if I've seen that person.
0	Roughly 25% certain. . He looks laid back and content, which stood out to me.
1	certain. none of those people were present
1	Fairly certain. None look familiar. I can remember specific people I saw and none of these are like any of them I remember
1	I am pretty certain in my response because none looked familiar. My eyes were not drawn to any and all of them felt like strangers
1	fairly certain. no one looks familiar
1	100%. Remember the hair, goatee / facial features
1	somewhat certain. he looks somewhat familiar - i think he was wearing something else though
1	kind of certain. i don't remember any of these faces
0	maybe. none
1	I feel confident.. He is recognizable to me specifically his eyes.
1	pretty certain. I think I saw this guy yesterday because I remember thinking I liked his hair
1	moderately. i remember him vaguely
1	uncertain. This face looks familiar but I'm not sure.
0	a bit. seems familiar.
1	not very. I don't remember any of these faces
1	not too sure. I feel like an angle or light might be throwing me off here
1	Pretty sure. I don't recall seeing any of those faces.
1	Do not remember these guys.. Went into the entire scenario on a non-judgment bias and was not given specific reason to pay attention.
0	uncertain. noon looked familiar
0	uncertain. looked slightly familiar
1	pretty sure. his facial expression looked similar
1	pretty sure. don't recall
1	certain. I saw him
0	Not very certain at all. He looks kind of familiar, I may have seen him
1	None seem certain to me. none seem certain
1	fairly certain. none look familiar at all
1	Absolutely positive. I remember his appearance
1	I am 60% certain. He reminds me of a person that I thought looked familiar.
1	I am about 50% certain that none of them were in the line up.. None of them look familiar but it has been a day since I saw them.
0	I am fairly certain. His facial expression seems familiar and I think I recognize the shape of his eyebrows
1	very. font recognize
1	little. his face ,hairdo
0	somewhat. i don't remember these faces
1	I am very certain. I remember thinking he looks similar somewhat to Kenya West in the other picture.
0	I am not certain. He looks familiar but I can't quite remember. I based it off of the smile in the other study.
0	Not at all certain. I've now seen so many faces, that it's hard to discern which are from the original samples
0	Not very certain. I font recognize any of the faces
1	80. Memory
0	unsure. don't recognize anyone
1	mostly sure. don't see anyone i recognize
0	unsure. facial hair might be familiar
0	unsure. don't recognize any faces
1	I've fairly certain.. none of the faces look familiar
1	80. no faces look familiar
1	very certain. look in his eyes, way he holds his mouth and haircut.
1	pretty certain. looks like a face I saw during the videos
0	50/50 if I recognize him from this study.. He may have been included in the photos shown, but I can't be certain.
0	Not very certain. He looks like one of the men with a bad tooth but I cannot tell because I cannot see his teeth
0	Uncertain. He looks familiar but he also looks like a friend of mine so I may not recognize him from the initial lineup.
1	Very certain.. This face seems very familiar.
1	I am fairly certain.. I believe I did see this face but it's not as memorable as some others.
1	Pretty certain I saw this face.. This face seems to ring a bell.
1	Somewhat certain. i believe i saw him before, not completely sure but somewhat
0	Not certain. no idea, i think i saw him, but i wouldn't bet on it.
0	not at all certain. No idea, this would be like a coin toss for me.
0	Not certain. The flared nostrils.
0	Not sure. The faces don't look familiar.
0	Possibly right.. The nose is familiar.
0	Fairly certain. I don't remember the haircut.
0	Unsure. The look on his face.
0	I'm not 100% certain that none of these men were in the lineup, but I can't definitively remember any of the faces. . Some have features similar to faces I saw, but I can't pinpoint even one that I could say was possibly in the lineup. There are a couple that I think maybe were, but I'm not sure.
0	Very unsure... I was about to click Not Present but I kept going back to his picture for some reason. . The eyes and close hair cut are what caused me to pause on the picture.
0	About 40% certainty, so not certain at all, but this is the only one that seems familiar. . It's all in the eyes. Otherwise, not much is familiar but I know I saw those eyes before.
0	About 40%, as he looks very familiar, but there is something different enough that I feel I could be wrong. . The particular combination of the shape of his mouth and orientation and shape of the eyes.
0	a little. a couple look familiar but I feel like it is because I just saw them tonight, rather than last night?
0	a little. not sure, none look familiar
0	somewhat. I think he looks familiar from yesterday but am not sure
0	a little. i only recognized the hair
1	I'm 100% certain I've seen this face before. I specifically remember seeing this face
1	Certain. None seem familiar
1	Unsure. I remember some with goofy expressions, but can't pinpoint for sure
0	I'm unsure. Some seem familiar, but I'm not sure
1	Somewhat certain. Seems vaguely similar
1	I do not remember these peoples faces.. Because I am fairly certain in my uncertainty.
1	I am pretty sure I saw this guy before.. Because I think I remember seeing his eye color prior.
0	Unsure. Not certain I saw any of these men.
1	Undecided. Some look familiar, but not sure enough to decide on anyway so default to not present.
1	Certain. Don remember seeing the faces.
1	Very certain.. I remember his picture clearly.
0	Not really sure. I do not think that I remember any of these faces
1	Fairly sure. I am fairly sure I remember this exact face.
0	Not very certain at all. I think it may be him, but very unsure on it
0	Not very sure. I think I remember him but it is possible I am mistaken
1	I am pretty sure of my answer.. I believe there was only one man with a small faro and non of these men look like him.
0	Not to certain. No standout features
0	not certain. I don't remember any of these pictures
0	not very. I don't remember any of these pictures
1	I'm about 80% confident. the shape of the head is distinct and I'm pretty sure I saw it before
1	I'm about 80% confident. the eyes, jawline, and face are recognizable
1	I'm about 75% certain. the person looks a little startled and I think I recall his face because of that
0	not certain. one or two look familiar but mi not sure
0	not very certain. his eyes look familiar
1	very certain. i remember his hair
1	mi kind of certain. he looks very familiar
0	Not super certain on this one.. None of them look familiar to me.
1	Pretty Certain. Nothing about these people rings a bell.
0	not certain. I just don't remember any of those faces either way
0	not certain. The hair and weird head shape look familiar
1	I am fairly sure. The person looks like one I saw
0	not certain. the weird eyes look familiar
0	I'm not, some of the men look familiar. They all look like generic white guys I can't remember seeing them before
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
1	Somewhat.. I believe I saw this person before.
1	Somewhat. I believe I saw this person before.
1	I saw this guy . I saw him in the other picture
0	I font remember any of these. I font remember them
0	It might be a guy I saw. He looks kind of like one in the lineup
0	I can really tell. They could have been in the lineup
0	not too certain. I think one may be, but In not sure
1	I'm pretty certain I've seen this before. . I am pretty sure I know this one!
0	I am pretty certain. . He looks very familiar.
0	His face looks familiar but I don't know. . His face shape looks familiar I remember a face with a chin like his.
0	I am fairly confident. . I do not remember any of those facial expression or facial features on the slides from yesterday.
0	I am fairly confident. . None of the pictures look familiar to me.
1	I am fairly confident. . I remember this individuals lips and mouth because they were different from others in the slide from yesterday.
1	I am confident with my response. . I remembered this persons ears and nose.
1	Fairly certain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	Very certain. I remember the faro, facial hair and structure. I think he had a tank top on when I saw him.
1	None of these look familiar. I do not see any familiar details
1	Fairly certain. The hair and eyes look familiar
1	I do not recall any of these faces. There was nothing about any that triggered a memory
0	Maybe. maybe he was in the line up
0	Not certain. I think this guy may have been in the line up
0	Fairly. I don't recall them
0	a little bit. I think I recognize the details of the first face
1	somewhat. recognize face structure and hair
1	pretty certain. i don't think I have seen any of these people before the face structure is unfamiliar
1	mostly certain. i recognize the face structure and eyebrows
0	Pretty uncertain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
0	I'm only somewhat certain I saw the face yesterday.. I believe I saw that face yesterday but I have very low confidence.
1	Very certain. I remember the face from yesterday.
0	I may have seen one of them, but nobody sticks out. I couldn't confidently pick a single person.
1	i don't remember any of these faces. I would recall seeing these guys. None of them are familiar
1	I do not remember these faces. None of the face structures strike a resemblance.
0	Not very certain. I do not remember these faces.
0	I am not so sure.. I think I remember his broad neck, but not his facial expression.
1	I am pretty certain none of these men were shown.. I do not recognize any of these men.
1	None of these men look familiar.. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	I am only about half certain this man was in the images shown.. He looks very familiar, but I can't be 100% certain he was in the images provided.
1	I am positive this man was present before.. He was the first face I saw from the images. His eyes, lips, and hair are distinct.
0	not very. looks somewhat familiar
1	fairly certain. none look familiar
1	fairly certain. none look familiar
0	not very certain. He looks somewhat familiar
0	pretty sure. I remember someone having a pointy head.
0	not too sure. they all have the same shirt.
0	not at all. none of the faces look familiar.
1	Somewhat certain. Don't recognize any
1	Somewhat certain. I don't recognize them
1	60. i think i remember him
1	50. i think i might remember him
1	95. none familiar
1	90. non-familiar
0	Almost certain. I recognize the face and facial hair
1	Mostly sure. The face shape and features look familiar
0	moderate. sorta familiar
0	kinda. too similar
0	kinda. seems right
0	font remember any. unsure
1	not too certain. they look familiar
1	looks familiar. they look like one of the people
1	Pretty certain. its how certain I am
1	very. same as before
1	I am fairly certain i saw him yesterday in photo. I remember thinking her looked like Kenya West
0	i am 50 % sure . I am examining the photo and looking at eye structure, hair, jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday.
1	I am 100 percent certain in my selection. I remember this person from the pictures yesterday.
1	I am confident i saw this person yesterday . I am examining the photo and looking at eye structure, hair, jaw line to try and recall what i saw yesterday.
1	very. I swear I saw this kid twice yesterday
1	extremely. I remember the hair and eye brows
1	extremely. I remember the haircut
0	Not Very Certain. Nobody looks familiar
1	Fairly. Nobody looks familiar
1	Fairly. He looked familiar
0	I'm kinda certain.. I don't recognized any of the faces.
1	certain. none look familiar
0	"not very certain ""maybe"". This face stood out but I'm not sure why"
1	I don't think I've seen any of those men.. I don't recall any of the features these men have in the previous pictures I saw.
1	I am certain I saw this man in the earlier photo set.. His facial features match a man I saw previously.
1	I think I saw the man I selected in the earlier photos.. He looks similar to a photo I saw earlier.
1	I don't think I saw any of these photos earlier.. None of their features match what I remember from earlier.
1	I don't recognize any of the pictures from earlier.. I can't match any features from these photos to the earlier photos.
1	Fairly Certain. I believe he was in the lineup yesterday but not 100% positive
0	Fairly. This face seems to catch my attention but uncertain if he was in the lineup
0	I am uncertain if any of these faces were shown. I am not seeing a face that stands out to me
1	I feel secure in knowing that I saw this face before. I feel I remember the eyes from before
0	not very. no one looks familiar
1	semi. No one looks familiar
0	not very. no one looks familiar
0	Not certain at all. I think I remember seeing his face, there was a brief flicker of recognition in my mind
1	100% Positive. Remember seeing his face and fro yesterday
0	I am 40% certain.. I think i remember seeing the face.
0	I'm about 40% sure. . I think i remember the face.
0	None of these faces look familiar. None of these faces are familiar to me
1	100% sure. I remember him from yesterday's pictures. His hair is very distinct.
1	Somewhat certain. His predominate forehead looks familiar.
1	Kind of certain. seems familiar
0	a little. none look familiar
0	fairly. no one looks familiar
1	fairly sure. i remember a photo with the head cocked to the side like this one
1	i am fairly sure. i recall seeing the shirt and the hair cut yesterday
1	65 percent sure. i remember the shirt and hair color and i feel like that was the most recurrent photo
1	I am somewhat sure that I don't recognize these. I notice I am erring on the side of caution here, but I don't think I recognize anybody
0	I am only a bit certain. I don't recognize most of these people. It looks like I imagined one of the people looking if he were not smiling so big
1	80. none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
1	80. none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
1	very certain. i remember giving each one a name and I believe he was one
1	100. he had on a chain
1	80. none of them look like any of the people from yesterday
0	not at all certain. I don't know if I've seen anyone in this lineup
0	i think so. I think his face look familiar
1	He was on the first pictures. I think I remember his face
0	a little bit. I haven't seen these faces
0	not totally sure. I think I remember this face
0	a little bit. I think maybe I remember that face
0	I am not certain, because I think he was smiling in the other picture. I cannot be certain it is the same person I saw.
1	I know I saw this guy.. He looks like someone I know.
1	I think I saw him. He looks a little like one I saw.. I think this may be the one I saw earlier.
0	20%. I don't think I've seen this one in the lineups yet
0	14%. Dude I only remember like 2 faces.
0	40%. I'd remember that douche facial hair anywhere
0	They all look the same. White bros all of em
0	14%. you know
0	I'm not sure. . i can't remember.
0	a little. no one really looks all that familiar?
0	Not very certain. He looks kind of familiar
0	I think?. kinda look familiar but In really not sure
0	fairly certain. kinda member that face
0	this face maybe looks familiar. this face kinda looks familiar but In very unsure
0	kinda certain. I kinda remember the face
1	i am absolutely sure that i am right. he looks like a chubby Kenya West
0	again not really certain but i think he was there yesterday. flat nose, bigger lips
0	I'm not certain about this one. i think i recall his light facial hair
1	i don't think any of these were there yesterday. i don't recognize any
1	somewhat. the ears and facial structure are standing out.
1	Pretty certain. None of these people are even vaguely familiar
0	quite certain. i really don't recall any of these
1	very certain. Not there
1	very certain. not there
1	I am half certain of this choice. This face does not seem familiar from previous studies
1	I am over half certain. These faces do not seem familiar
0	I am a quarter percent certain of the choice I made. A couple of faces seemed familiar, but I am not sure if they were truly present.
1	pretty sure. the pointy head i think is familiar
0	not certain. they all looks alike.
1	I have not seen any of these before. I have never seen these photos
1	I don't think I have seen any of them before.. I am pretty sure that I have never seen them before.
1	Never seen them before. Have not seen these photos
1	I have seen his picture before. I have seen him before
0	looks familiar. not entirely sure
0	not sure. not sure
0	not sure. not sure
0	A little. He looks familiar but I think he was smiling before
0	I feel that I might have seen him but I am not completely sure. If I did see him before I believe he was happier and smiling. Now he looks unhappy.
0	unsure. At this point it's hard for me to place who mightn't shown up.
1	Very. I don't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos.
1	very. I don't recall seeing anyone until it told me to look at these collections of photos.
0	I'm a little sure. . I remember sideburns on a guy but I don't know.
0	"I'm not. I'm now just second guessing everything I'm doing. . This test is confusing me aha. I thought I knew and now I don't. I don't think it's possible that this many in a row could be ""not present."" "
0	All of these men have distinctive faces. I don't remember them.. I do not remember any of these men. I am a little sure.
1	almost positive.. I don't recall seeing his face
0	Not Very. Lips and nose
0	Not very. Looks familiar to one of the faces
1	Fairly. None of them look similar enough to someone I can recall seeing
1	some what certain. he looks somewhat familiar
1	somewhat. none looked familiar
1	very certain. I do not remember their faces
1	certain. I recognize his hair and his eyes.
1	somewhat. his face seems familiar
0	not very. I don't remember seeing any of these guys
0	not very certain. I don't remember any of their faces
1	certain. I know that I saw this man yesterday
1	mostly certain. I'm almost positive I saw this man yesterday
1	I don't recall any of these faces. None of them look familiar
0	maybe certain. looks slightly familiar
1	not certain. font recognize any of them
1	pretty certain. Some of them might look slightly familiar
1	pretty certain. He reminds me of someone I know, and I remember his facial hair and eyes
0	I'm not very certain. The guy I chose looks familiar
0	I'm not certain. I don't think I can be sure that he is one that I've seen before
0	I'm slightly certain. He looks like one of the guys I viewed recently
0	not very certain. I don't recognize any of these men
1	relatively certain. his face and hairstyle look familiar
0	not at all. none look familiar
0	not very certain. he look vaguely familiar but is hard to distinguish from the others
0	Not sure. Don't remember
0	Not sure. Don't remember
0	Not sure . Don't remember
1	very certain I saw him yesterday. I remember his facial expression
0	not sure. can't be sure at all
0	slightly. possibly someone I saw yesterday
1	middle of the road. I recall this guy but he was smiling so not quite sure
1	half certain. font recognize anyone but cannot be certain
0	Not certain.. Actually, the top left and bottom right pictures both looked kind of familiar, but I couldn't pick both, so I decided I was wrong. They have eyes that seem familiar, though.
0	I'm very unsure.. I don't think I've seen any of these faces, but none are very memorable.
1	I don't think i saw any of them. None of them seem familiar
1	Very sure on this one. I remember seeing him
0	I am not sure on this one. He looks familiar but I am not too sure
1	moderately certain. facial hair, hair, and brows seem familiar
0	I am not very certain.. The first person looks familiar, but he also looks like a lot of people that age
1	Very Certain. I remember his eyebrows and somewhat close set eyes.
0	Not sure at all. I cant remember any of these individuals
1	mostly. i don't like this anymore
0	somewhat. do not recognize any of the men above
0	somewhat. there was a guy with an egg head
0	I'm pretty certain. I just don't see the guy.
1	Totally. I remember
1	Not certain. No one looks familiar
1	I remember this guy from before.. I think I remember him because I thought he looked like my niece's father.
1	I know that I definitely saw the guy pictured above.. I remember the guy by his eyebrows.
1	A little bit. None of them seem familiar
0	I am 40 percent certain.. This one looks familiar but I'm not sure.
1	very certain. None of them seem familiar at all.
1	a little. I remember the shape of the head with the hair color and lip size
1	Half certain.. If he's not the same guy, then his hair, mouth and facial shape are.
0	I'm not very positive.. I don't recognize these men, but I don't remember. I guess changing the poses has really made it difficult.
0	I'm not very certain.. He looks kind of familiar, but I don't know for sure.
0	I don't recognize these men.. I don't recall seeing any of them yesterday.
0	Very uncertain... I slightly remember the man I chose. However it might be none of them.
1	I font recall these guys. None of them ring any bells
1	I am fairly certain.. I remember seeing this person.
0	I am fairly certain.. I don't remember any of them.
1	pretty certain. the hair and face are familiar
1	pretty certain. the hair style looks familiar
0	certain. no face or hairstyle is familiar
0	very certain. no face looks familiar especially hair
0	"Looks familiar, but I can't be 100% certain. Not sure if it is him or ""not present"", I am fairly certain I haven't seen the other faces."
1	Fairly certain. None of the faces look familiar
0	Average certainty. None of the faces look familiar but I can't be certain
0	somewhat. no familiar faces
0	some. no familiar faces
0	somewhat. don't see any familiar faces
0	some. no familiar faces
0	somewhat. no familiar faces
1	His light skin made me think I remember him. He looked different than the other blacks
1	certain. I don't see a face I recognize
0	not certain. I saw a lot of faces
1	somewhat. i don't remember any of them
1	somewhat. i don't remember any of them
0	uncertain. These faces do not look familiar
0	somewhat. He looks familiar
0	somewhat. he looks like someone vie seen, his longer neck stood out.
0	somewhat. I remember the eyes
1	Kinda certain. I think I remember seeing his eyes
1	very certain. I remember seeing his very expressive look
0	a little certain. I do not think I saw this man, everyone before seemed to be smiling more
1	very certain. his haircut
1	certain. his face looks similar to one that was smiling
1	kind of certain . unsure
1	very. I thought he looked a little like Kenya west
1	very. i remember the hair
1	80 percent sure I have not looked at these photos before.. I don't recall seeing any of these photos yesterday.
1	I'm certain these photos were not included yesterday.. I did not see any of these young men.
0	Not very certain.. For some reason the person's left ear seems familiar how it points a bit on the end.
0	None of the faces seem familiar.. I don't seem to recall anyone there.
1	I am fairly certain.. I feel all those faces are fairly distinguishable. I don't recognize any of them.
1	I am almost 100% sure that I saw this man in the initial slide show.. There's no mistaking this guys eyes and head shape. I have seen him before. The nose and ears are dead giveaways.
1	I am pretty sure I haven't seen these faces.. I don't think I have seen them.
1	I feel fairly sure I haven't seen the faces.. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	I am pretty sure I have not seen these faces.. None of them seemed familiar.
1	I am pretty sure I haven't seen these faces.. I don't recognize them.
0	no clue. I want to pick a few, but can't narrow to just one? I have literally no idea
0	Not too sure.. Some faces look kind of familiar but I'm not positive.
1	I'm kind of sure but I have my doubts.. He looks familiar, I think I saw him but I'm not positive.
0	I'm really not very sure.. He looked kind of familiar but I think it might be a false alarm.
0	Somewhat . Don recognize
1	kind of certain. looks somewhat familiar
1	Very Certain. His nose
1	pretty sure. his face
1	a little certain. font recall any of these faces
0	fairly certain. Don remember this face from yesterday
0	somewhat certain. i don't recognize any of these people at all
0	not certain. i don't remember
0	not sure. font know
1	sure. eyes
0	not sure. hair
1	little. font know
0	His face looks familiar. His facial features
0	some. noon looks familiar
1	certain. I feel like its certain
0	I font remember any of these people. I just font remember
0	not very certain. They all look like someone vie seen before but I font remember which one
0	He seems familiar. He kinda seems familiar
1	I thought this guy looked familiar.. He looks a little like <aka Sniffer
0	I kind of thought this guy looked familiar.. He looked like P. Giddy
0	Their faces are starting to all look alike.. They look the same.
1	quite. no familiar faces
1	very. no one looks familiar
1	Pretty. They don't look familiar but all these god damn maroon shirts are throwing me off
1	certain. recognize face
0	possibly sure. not confident
0	A little. I see no resemblance
1	Somewhat. I don't recognize any of these faces.
0	Somewhat. I remember that stare.
1	certain. he reminded me of Kaye West
1	They do not look familiar. I do not recognize them
1	extremely certain. he has a specific look in the picture
0	not really certain. no one looks familiar
0	somewhat certain. eyes look similar
1	somewhat certain. hair looks familiar
0	i font recognize any. because i don't see anyone i know
0	not very. don't remember them, but possible
0	fairly certain. i don't recognize anyone
1	looks familiar. mouth expression
0	not so sure. My first impulse was not present, but MAYBE this guy
0	not so sure. He jumps out at me a little bit- THIS IS HARD!
0	not so sure. Don recall seeing these guys
0	unsure. he looks a little familiar
0	somewhat. he looks sorta familiar
0	not certain. because I'm not certain
1	Very. I remember the structure of his face and his expression from earlier.
1	Somewhat certain. I don't recall any of these.
0	Not very. His nose seems familiar
0	sort of. i remember the shape of the nose i think
1	very. i don't recognize any of these faces
1	very certain. i remember his face
0	not very. i remember a white guy having abnormally large earlobes
1	I am almost positive I saw this man before.. I distinctly remember his face, square chin, and facial hair.
1	I don't remember any of these faces.. None of them look familiar.
1	I am fairly certain, but not positive. I remember this expression but I'm not sure if this is the right person.
0	Again I'm about half certain about this lineup. None of these look familiar
0	not sure. none of them look familiar
1	I am somewhat certain.. I think I saw his face.
0	I am fairly certain.. I don't recall any of those faces, but am unsure.
0	not very certain. I don't really remember any of those faces, but at the same time some seem a little familiar
0	The man sort of looks like someone I saw before, but I am not sure. The mouth and eyes look familiar
0	I believe I saw this person before, but I am not certain. The haircut and the eyes look familiar
1	100% I remember this guy. His shirt is different, he was wearing a tank top last time
1	somewhat certain. I don't remember any of these faces
0	Not certain at all. All the faces are blending in
1	Fairly certain. I know I saw a guy who looked like this in the line up
0	semi-certain. I feel like I would remember these types of facial structures, but it is probably because I can't see the clothes or expressions they were wearing before
1	certain. I saw this guy earlier in the presentation of the faces
1	pretty sure. do not look familiar
1	pretty certain. I do not remember any of these faces
1	I am slightly certain. I remember thinking one of the photos in the study looked slightly like Kenya West
0	I am very uncertain. i do not recognize any of the faces
0	I am quite uncertain. The face seems very mildly familiar
0	I am very uncertain. I do not recognize any of the photos or faces
1	I know I saw this man in yesterdays line up.. His face looked familiar to me yesterday when I saw it.
1	certain. again, I do not see any facial features I recognize seeing earlier
0	Not very certain.. His narrow face stand out somewhat.
0	None look familiar enough to me.. None of their faces really stand out to me.
1	definitely certain. i remember him
1	I think I remember seeing this man. . He looks very familiar, but I think his expression has changed.
1	I have definitely not seen any of these men. . I do not remember any of these faces.
1	I am pretty sure I remember seeing this man. . He looks familiar.
1	I definitely remember seeing this man. . I gave names to the people who stood out in my head and this guy was one of those.
0	uncertain. I don't recall
0	uncertain. He looks familiar
0	I am not very certain.. I remember a different person.
1	I am certain.. I did not see this person.
0	I am somewhat certain.. I think I remember this person.
0	I am not certain whether or not any of these people were presented to me.. I do not recognize the eyes or any specific features of these people.
1	I am certain that I saw this person yesterday.. I remember the shape of his head.
1	I am almost certain that he was one of the people that I saw.. I recognize the eyes and hairstyle of this person.
1	Certain .. This is one that I named Sean Aston
1	Somewhat sure.. None of them trigger any memory or look familiar.
1	I am pretty certain. I think I would remember if I saw these faces
1	I am pretty sure . I don't remember seeing any of these faces
1	Pretty certain. they don't look familiar
1	fairly certain. They don't look familiar
0	not certain at all. the eyes look familiar but that is all
1	very certain. Face appearance
1	certain. the hair
1	very certain. Same guy I saw the last time.
1	very certain. i am certain
1	very. i am certain I saw this face numerous times.
1	I don't believe that I saw these faces in the lineup. there is a familiar face but i did not see him in a lineup
1	pretty sure. I am pretty sure I don't recognize anyone
0	not very. there are two possibilities but maybe they just have that sort of face
1	I am almost positive.. I don't think this guy was in yesterdays line up of pictures.
1	I am pretty sure.. The person looks like someone I saw yesterday, the the smile, rather lack of, looks a little different.
1	I am certain.. I don't recall seeing any of these guys.
1	Kind of middle of the road. I think I remember someone looking intently into the camera like the person whose face I selected
1	Almost certain.. I remember him
1	A little sure I didn't see any of them.. None of the faces look familiar.
1	I am sure I saw him.. I remember seeing his face.
1	Only somewhat sure.. None of the faces look familiar.
0	A little sure.. I might remember him.
0	Not very certain.. I don't know if I remember him from the original line up or from the questions.
0	Unsure. Faces do not feel familiar but the last ones ears stick out
1	Almost certain. Face and faro seem familiar
0	Not certain at all. Cannot remember if I have seen one of their faces. Nothing sticks out to me.
1	Pretty certain. Remember his slanted features
1	I do not recognize any. . I do not remember seeing any of them.
1	I am pretty certain. . My memory is good.
1	I am pretty certain. . I remember him from yesterday
1	I am pretty certain I saw him. I remember him from yesterday
1	I am pretty certain he was in yesterdays pictures. . I believe I remember him.
0	Not sure. Again, I keep second guessing myself because I don't recognize anyone
1	very certain this guy was in the lineup. His hair or something is different but his eyes are the same
0	I think he is one but I'm not sure. His eyes reminded me of another person in the pics and so does this guy
1	100%. This gentlemen stuck out to me because he looked upset or angry in his photo. He kind of has the same look on his face.
1	I dint see anyone that was familiar. In pretty confident I dint see any of these people
1	Don't recognize. None of them look familiar
0	40%. told to
0	50%. I was told to
1	Fairly certain. . This person looks like a certain celebrity to me.
0	A little bit. . I think I may have seen this person, their expression is somewhat interesting.
0	I am not positive. I don't recognize anyone but they may have a different shirt which i had used to identify photos before
1	Very certain. None of the people I had observed were smiling or grinning.
1	Very certain. The head shapes seem distorted on these men and i don't recognize anyone
1	I am very certain. I recall this man's hairline when i was looking at the lineups
1	Very certain. I remember seeing him and trying to figure out how old he is
1	mostly sure. I can't remember any of these faces
1	Very certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	almost certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	very certain. I do not recognize any of these men.
1	I don't believe these men could be one that I saw yesterday.. I don't remember seeing any of these men.
1	I am certain. I do not recall these men in yesterday's photos.
1	In not. I font recognize anyone
1	I very certain I remember seeing this man in the first line up. . I remember his face.
1	I remember this guys face. He was looking pretty mad in the first line up. . His expression is somewhat similar to the lineup photo.
0	His face is the only one that looks familiar. His hair.
1	Semi Certain. I remember him because I thought this looked like a mugshot photo
1	Daily Certain. None look familiar to me
1	He looks slightly familiar.. He looks like one from yesterday.
1	I'm pretty sure.. He has a distinct face.
1	Pretty sure this guy is one of them.. He looks like one from the pictures.
0	Not certain.. I don't recall any of the faces.
1	not certain. I don't recognize anyone
1	somewhat certain. they seem familiar
0	not certain. I don't recognize anyone
0	not certain. none of these stand out
0	somewhat certain. none look families
0	not certain. i remember people with these characteristics, but none of them look familiar
0	moderately certain. none of these stand out
0	25 percent . None of the features looked familiar
1	certain. don't recall any characteristics
1	Very certain. none of the faces look familiar
1	Very certain I've seen his face. The eyes are very familiar
0	fairly certain. no one looks familiar
0	not too certain. no features ring a bell
0	I'm 40% certain. I remember him looking mean
0	very unsure. i don't think there were black people, and these all have facial hair which i don't think any had
0	not at all certain. I font' think there were black guys in my lineup yesterday
0	very unsure. I don't think I saw any black people in the line up
1	mostly certain. I remember the right eyebrow having a slice through it
0	not at all certain. they're starting to look the same, and I really have no memory of any of them
1	50. jawline looks right
1	90. none of them look familiar
1	really certain. these are all unfamiliar faces
1	slightly certain. none of these faces seem that similar
1	Kind of certain. His face, eyes, and hair
1	Very certain. I don't recognize anyone
1	i think i have seen him. looks familiar
1	almost certain. recognize cause he looks familiar
1	they do not look failure. i did not recognize them
1	he looks familiar. His face looks line one I seen yesterday
1	he looks like one from yesterday. he looks like a face i seen
1	they do not look like any I seen. I do not recognize any of them
1	Not very confident here.. I'm going with facial hair again, but I don't think I remember the expression so I'm questioning.
1	I believe this person was in the line up but he has a different hair style.. The look is different so I'm not entirely sure but I believe this is one of the males in the line up
1	I'm pretty sure this guy was in the line up.. I remember the guys hair and it is similar to the original line up
1	Somewhat certain. none of these faces look familiar to me
1	somewhat certain. I think I remember his hair from yesterday
1	I'm 100 percent certain.. I don't recognize anyone in this lineup.
1	I am 100 percent certain.. I don't recognize anyone in this lineup.
0	Not that certain.. I can't remember if the guys are there.
1	Certain.. None of the guys look familiar.
1	Somewhat.. Never saw the guys.
1	I am somewhat certain.. The haircut makes me think its him.
1	Somewhat certain. None of these faces look familiar to me
1	Moderately certain. I'm pretty sure I recognize this man, he was smiling big
0	Not certain. The mustache and mouth look familiar to me
0	Not certain. The one I selected looks vaguely familiar
1	I have seen his face. . He looks familiar and I am sure I have seen him.
1	He looks familiar. I feel like I have looked at his face.
1	He seems familiar. . I am somewhat sure he was in the line up yesterday.
1	somewhat. eyes
0	maybe. maybe
0	somewhat. don't see
0	maybe. eyes
1	pretty . don't see
0	Pretty certain. Do not think I have seen these faces before.e
1	somewhat certain. Do not remember seeing this face.
1	very. he was in a tank top
1	not sure. confusing
1	pretty certain. font recognize
0	maybe I don't know. I think he was smiling yesterday but the face looks familiar
1	100% certain I saw this guy in a collared shirt. his eyes I remember his eyes
0	not very certain. this gentleman looks similar to one of the individuals in the previous pictures
0	not very certain. this gentleman looks like one in the precious pictures, it is difficult to tell because there is a different neckline on the shirt that he has on in this picture though
1	Not 100%. there is one that looks a little like a previous picture, but I can't be confident enough to choose him
1	somewhat certain. I remember someone that looked very similar to this person in our previous pictures
0	not sure at all. I do not recognize any of these faces
0	I am not certain at all but I don't recognize any of these faces. I do not recognize these faces
1	I'm about 60% sure.. I don't think I saw any of these faces yesterday, but I'm far from certain about it.
1	I am fairly certain.. I am pretty sure I didn't see any of these faces yesterday.
1	pretty certain. No one looks familiar
0	Not certain. One of the faces might have been there, but I can't recall for sure
1	Fairly certain. I think I have seen this picture before
0	Not too sure. Two look vaguely familiar, but not sure if I saw them today or yesterday
0	not very. i am not sure if this is the person i saw or not
0	not very. i am not certain if i saw this person earlier or not
1	not very. i font remember seeing that person
0	somewhat sure. I font remember any of those faces specifically
1	i do not recall seeing these men. i do not recall seeing these men
1	i do not recall thee men. i do not recall these men
1	mi pretty sure I saw this one persons face previously. i think he was in the previous line up
0	i don't recognize anyone. no one looks familiar
1	50%. mi unsure
1	50%. these guys look really similar
1	100%. he looks like a kid i went to school with
1	I do not recall any of these.. I would recognize most of these men.
1	No faces here ring a bell.. they just don't look familiar, maybe the bottom right?
1	i remember his thick eye brows . it was something i remember on his face
1	cant remember . cant remember
0	font know . font know
1	kind of. i am not sure if i saw anyone
0	kind of. i am not sure if i saw him or not
0	sort of. i think i saw him
0	not very. because i am not sure
1	pretty certain. i am pretty sure i did not see any of these people
1	I think I may have seen him. His eyes seem familiar to me
1	He looks vaguely familiar. His head has a unique shape so In fairly sure Ice seen him
0	I instinctively chose him. He seems familiar
0	Looks familiar. His facial features are distinct
0	Not at all certain. His facial hair might be familiar
1	fairly certain. font recall face
1	fairly certain. resembles Alfonso Beriberi
1	not very certain. font recall face
0	I am positively certain. they seem unfamiliar yet again
0	I am slightly certain. because he looks slightly familiar, I may have seen him before
1	somewhat. I don't remember them
1	somewhat certain. I remember thinking he looked like Kenya
1	i think so. I think I remember him
0	uncertain. He is only slightly familiar to me
1	I don't recognize anyone. No one looks familiar
1	fairly confident. I am not 100%
0	Slightly confident. He looks familiar to me but I'm not sure from where
0	kind of certain . he kind of looks similar to someone vie seen
1	I am completely certain. This is definitely someone vie seen before. I recognized him
1	fairly certain . i think i remember him looking down in a different photo
1	fairly confident. i haven seen anyone here before
0	no one stands out as familiar. no characteristics appear familiar to me
0	I'm not certain at all. I chose not present because no one's face stands out
0	familiar face. not sure but a familiar face
0	I'm not completely certain but looks familiar. Because I cannot be sure
1	i cant remember any of these. i just cant remember
1	i font remember any of these. cant remember any of these men
1	mi pretty certain i remember him. his hair looks familiar
0	fairy certain. He looks familiar
0	not sure. I am not sure if I saw him or not
1	positive. I remember his hair, e was wearing a yellow shirt
1	certain. not up there
0	certain. Seems similar
1	certain. not up there
0	Not very confident I this choice.. I think the different looks are throwing me off.
1	Mostly certain I saw this. They have a unique Kenya look so it seemed to be easy to remember.
0	Semi confident.. The eyebrows are one of the unique features I noticed.
0	Not very confident.. None of these people have any features I remembered.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	I'm pretty sure I saw him in the previous faces.. I'm fairly sure I recognize his face.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces.. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces. . I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	I am almost sure, but could be wrong. . They all have similar features I saw, but I don't remember any of them.
1	I am almost positive, though the bottom middle man looks similar. . I am not one hundred percent sure I didn't see one of the men.
1	I don't remember any of them so I am almost positive I didn't see them. . Again, seems like features I saw but not in one face.
0	Not at all certain. I seem to remember this face
0	Not at all certain. I can't tell if any of the faces look familiar
0	Not certain. I'd make a terrible witness, because all of the faces look like they may or may not have been on the original list.
1	very. wasn't there
1	very. wasn't there
1	very. wasn't there
1	very certain . remember his face
1	pretty certain. nobody looks familiar
1	can't say for sure anyone looks familiar. I don't recognize anyone
0	not very. looks familiar
0	not very. looks vaguely familiar
0	not very. none of them look more familiar than the hither
0	somewhat uncertain. The person looks familiar, but I may be wrong
1	Certain. I remember him
1	Very. I remember thinking that he reminds me of the Harlem Globetrotters
0	Fairly. I don't recall any of these guys
1	I remember him because he looks like the douche bag ex-husband of a friend of mine.. I remember him because he looks like the douche bag ex-husband of a friend of mine.
0	Somewhat certain.. I feel like I remember his hair, features, and expression.
0	Not at all certain.. Some of them look familiar but I don't know if it's just because of seeing them during the study today multiple times.
0	Not at all certain.. I'm confused and can't recall at this point. I'm bad with faces.
0	Slightly certain.. He looks familiar but again, it could be because he was just shown.
1	I am almost half certain I saw this yesterday. . The hair is what I remember the most about this person.
1	I am almost 100 percent I did not see any of these yesterday. . None of the above look familiar.
1	I am half certain I saw this before. . The facial expression on this person seems familiar to me.
0	I am not really certain but something about his face looks like I may have seen it yesterday. . The facial expression on this person makes me think I saw him.
0	I am a little certain I saw this picture yesterday. . The hair is what seems familiar to me.
1	I do not remember seeing any of the above. . None of the photos jog my memory.
1	pretty sure. looks familiar
1	kinda. saw him
0	I'm not. this is hard
0	not very. none of the faces look familiar
1	very certain. I remember his face and hair
0	somewhat. none of their faces look familiar
0	not very. the face looks familiar
0	not very. I think his face looks familiar
1	I'm pretty sure I saw this face yesterday. i remember the shape of the head and hair
0	Kind of looks familiar. . The individual looks slightly familiar, but I'm not sure again.
0	Not very certain, but looks familiar. The person looks familiar to me, but I cannot be sure.
1	I am about 50/50 on if I saw this face yesterday. the blue eyes and hair style seem familiar
1	I am pretty sure I remember his face. I recall seeing this face and the way his hair is
0	i am about half certain . i remember him because i remembered thinking he has a somewhat affable face, almost like he's smiling
1	"i am pretty darn sure . all of these guys have what i would consider ""memorable"" faces, distinct facial features, a particular look...and yet his is the only one that triggers any feelings of familiarity, leading me to believe he was the one present in the photos yesterday"
0	not very . they all look familiar but non familiar at the same time
0	not very . This is harder then I thought
0	not very . jaw line
0	not very . hair cut seems familiar but mi not sure
0	semi. nose looks familiar
1	I'm fairly certain I saw him. I remember his bright eyes and thin face
0	I don't recognize any of these folks. none of their faces jump out in my memory
1	Fairly certain. I don't recall seeing any of these men
1	definitely . I don't remember any of them
0	Somewhat. His hair and facial features look familiar
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces
1	fairly certain. I remember thinking he looked like a basketball player
0	not sure. do no think the above faces were in the lineup
1	certain. remember the faro
1	pretty certain. guy has a goofy face
0	I don't recall seeing any of these people.. None of these people made me feel like I've seen them before.
1	This guy seems VERY familiar.. I remember his hair and facial expression.
0	Nobody pictured looks familiar.. I don't recognize any of the faces, unfortunately.
1	I feel pretty sure I saw him before.. He looks familiar.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these guys in particular. But it's a possibility.
1	I am pretty certain I did not see any of these particular guys. I did not remember seeing any of these gentlemen.
1	sure. I didn't see any of these faces
0	not sure. I can hardly remember which faces I saw yesterday
1	very sure. I remember him because he kind of looks like Kenya West
1	pretty sure. none of them look familiar
1	pretty sure. none of them look familiar
1	100% Sure. None of them look like the people from the list.
1	80% Sure. None of these people look familiar except for 1, but I don't think I've seen his so choosing not present.
1	I don't feel like any of the people above are the people I have seen previously.. Nobody looks like the people from the list.
0	Not very certain. I don't remember if I saw these faces or not.
1	Fairly certain. I remember his expression/eyes
1	Fairly certain. I remember seeing him yesterday. I remember his eyes/hair
1	I believe I saw this person in the first photos.. The facial features appear familiar to me.
1	Pretty sure none of them were seen before.. I don't recall any of the faces from the previous display.
0	not really sure. one of them looks familiar but not exactly as I remember
0	More than a bit but not enough to bet on it.. Looks familiar again.
0	not certain. he seems familiar
0	not certain. font recognize any
0	not certain at all. Kept looking at the pictures now i feel i am second guessing myself.
1	pretty sure. the hair and eye brows of the picture i remember
1	no match. i watch for eyes n ears n jaw
1	same as prior. just a diff head angle but know he was in line
1	not sure but i wanna say yes. something about his look screams previous line
1	not one facial structure matches`. no same eyes ears nose nothing
1	Very. All their heads are too small for their faces. I would of remembered laughing at that
1	Very. Most of the white people looked really blushed
1	mostly certain. I remember his face but his shirt is different
1	uncertain. looks like someone i saw in photos
1	Absolutely positive.. I remember this guy, he looks like Kenya's way less attractive cousin.
0	Not very certain. None of these faces really stand out.
1	I am fairly certain.. I don't recall seeing any of those faces.
1	I am fairly certain.. I don't recognize any of the faces.
0	One looks possible but I'm not certain. Top left looks some what familiar but I'm not sure.
1	Pretty certain I didn't see any of them. None look familiar
0	somewhat certain. doesn't look familiar
1	certain. no one looks familiar
1	very certain. I remember seeing him
0	not at all. Unsure about this one
0	not at all. I might have seen him
0	I'm kinda of positive. he seems familiar
1	kind of certain. he's familiar
0	a little. I'm 50% certain i saw his face
0	Not very certain. I do not recognize anyone in this lineup
0	Not too certain. None of the faces stand out to me
1	certain. I font recall any of these people
0	not certain. I think I recall this person but not sure
0	not certain. I font really remember any of these
0	not certain. don't recall any of these people
0	not certain. I font recall any of these pictures
0	LITTLE CERTAIN. FONT REMEMBER ANY FACES
1	CERTAIN. FONT REMEMBER SEEING ANY OF THESE FACES
0	LITTLE CERTAIN. FONT REMEMBER ANY FACES
0	LITTLE CERTAIN. THE EYES AND THE MOUTH
1	fairly certain. he looks familiar
0	Not really certain.. wasn't sure enough to pick the one gentleman who looked possibly familiar.
1	Mostly.. Nobody looks familiar.
1	Kinda.. Not sure. Looks familiar.
0	Moderate. The beard fuzz along with the wide nose
1	moderately . he looks very familiar
1	very. they don't look familiar at all
1	moderately . i don't think I've seen these men before
0	I do not remember seeing any of them. I am not confident
0	half sure. his long face
1	Pretty certain. I do not recognize any of them
1	Very certain. Pretty sure I saw him
1	fairly certain. don't think i saw any of these guys
1	somewhat retain. looks somewhat familiar
1	Mostly certain. The guys in these photos do not remind me from seeing them before.
1	I'm sure it's not any of them. All of their facial expressions do not match any I remember from the previous day.
0	Not certain. He looks familiar, but I feel like he was not in the lineup.
1	Almost certain. None of these look familiar
1	Fairly certain. Do not remember seeing any of these individuals
1	Fairly certain.. None of these look familiar.
1	I am fairly certain.. None of the men look familiar from the photos yesterday.
1	I am certain.. I recognize this man from yesterday.
1	i think there was a guy who looked like Kenya. I think I remember him looking like a star
1	Pretty sure, unique face.. unique face, tight lips
1	remember his face. unique nose
1	none of the faces jump out at me, not sure. I am not getting a familiar feeling from these.
0	Low amount of certainty.. Can't recall any of these people earlier. I could have seen one, though. Not sure.
0	Low certain.. Can't recall any of these faces.
1	Pretty certain.. I don't remember any of these people.
1	I'm somewhat certain.. None of these men are familiar to me. It's possible I'm wrong but I can't recognize any of them.
1	Certain. The shapes of all the faces are wrong. They're very squared off and I think I'd recall that if any yesterday looked like that.
0	not too certain. It seems strange to keep answering like this but I truly don't recall any of these faces.
0	Kind of certain. He looks like he could be the same as yesterday, but I am not positive
0	Kind of certain. He is the only one who looks kind of familiar
1	I'm pretty sure.. The person in the bottom-right looks like somebody I've seen on television but not somebody in the lineup.
0	Not sure.. I feel like I've seen him before but I don't recall entirely.
1	I'm not entirely sure.. Nothing stands out to me.
1	I'm on the fence. I think I remember this guy because he's not attractive
1	I this I am certain. I don't remember these guys
1	I am almost sure. I remember this guy looked Amish
0	Not very sure. . It was a choice between no 2 and 6.
1	I almost sure this WAS the first one.. His hair looks a little longer.
0	sort of. This guy looks kind of familiar
1	relatively . don't think I saw any of them
1	He looks most like the one I saw.. I went with my gut instinct. He seems like I saw him.
0	I am almost zero percent positive.. I am just trying to do my best.
1	100% positive.. I remembered his hair.
1	I am mostly sure.. It just looks familiar.
1	90% certain. none of them stand out
1	100% certain. he had an awkward smile in the line up i remember it clearly
1	very certain. none look familiar
1	very certain. clearly remember this face
1	Somewhat certain. I think I remember his face
1	Extremely certain. I remember his hair color (it looked really dark in the middle and light on the sides)
0	I'm somewhat certain that none of these guys were in the lineup.. I don't really recognize any of these faces.
1	I'm not entirely certain, but the face looks familiar.. I recognize parts of this person's face, making me think that they were in the lineup.
0	Somewhat certain.. I don't recognize any of the faces at all.
1	pretty sure. font remember any of these faces
1	Fairly sure. I remember his face
1	fairly certain. Hats what I remember
1	Moderately certain.. Seems like he was in the photos but not positive.
0	not very certain. no one looks familiar to me
0	not certain. no one looks familiar
1	Not very. the head position and the shit lighting
1	Pretty certain. Looks like a character actor for a generic nerd.
0	I don't know this feels redundant given the bullet points below.. Nothing stands out, I would've seen all of them and they just weren't memorable
0	Fairly. None of them seem familiar, and i know the nose on one of them would be memorable
1	certain. no one is familiar
1	certain. Dan isn't here
1	positive. I remember seeing this person
1	50/50. Cant be for sure but I think I remember this person
1	almost positive. almost sure I remembered seeing this person
1	don't recall any of these. no recall
1	very. familiar to someone I know
1	definite certainty. no way was he there yesterday
1	fairly certain. I think I remember this guy because he looks a bit like Kenya and I remember one of the faces looked a bit like Kenya
0	a little certain. he looks a bit familiar
0	I have no idea; not certain. they all look the same
0	not certain. they all look the same
0	I'm sort of certain. . I don't specifically remember any of the presented faced.
1	I'm fairly certain.. I don't remember any of these faces specifically.
1	I'm very certain. This man has a very distinctive face that I'm almost certain I've seen before.
1	I don't remember any of these faces.. None of them seem familiar to me.
1	I'm kind of certain that I saw him.. I recognize the tilt of his head.
1	I'm kind of certain.. I feel like I remember his face because he was smiling.
1	i remember him mostly. i am very certain about him
1	i remember him. i am sure about him
1	i font see any one. i am very clear about this
1	i think no one is present. i think no one is present
1	very certain. I feel I haven't seen these men before
1	I don't think I have seen any of them before.. Faces don't feel familiar to me.
1	I am very certain that I have seen him before.. I just remember his expression.
1	Absolutely certain.. Never seen any of these guys before for sure.
1	not really. the head tilt
1	font see him. font see him
1	pretty sure. that footballer face
1	look familiar. look familiar
0	certain. none stand out to me
0	I am fairly certain.. I feel that this kids facial features was one in the lineup.
0	Not very certain. Looks vaguely familiar again, but really not sure at all.
0	Not very certain. I don't recall any of these faces, but I could easily be wrong
1	I am fairly certain.. No one looks familiar.
1	Very certain.. I remember seeing this person.
1	Not very certain.. I am not sure if they are familiar or not.
1	I am fairly certain.. None of the faces look familiar.
0	Not certain.. I don't know if any look familiar.
1	Fairly certain.. No one looks familiar.
1	moderately. the shape of his head, the eyes and the chin
1	very sure. eyebrows, hair style, face shape
1	very sure. none look familiar at all
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
0	not very. I saw a lot of people yesterday, no idea if I saw this one
0	Not certain at all. There are a couple that I think could have been there but nobody jumps out.
1	Certain. I'm sure I saw him
1	100%. he had a sweet faro
0	I font recognize anyone here. I don't recognize any of these men
0	I'm not very certain.. I don't believe I saw any of these faces yesterday, but I could have.
1	I am certain.. I know I did not see any of these faces yesterday so I am certain!
1	I'm fairly certain.. I don't recognize any of these faces. I could be wrong but I don't believe I saw any of them.
1	I am fairly certain.. I kind of think his eyes look familiar to one of the faces I saw yesterday!
1	i don't recognize anyone. I do not recognize anyone at all.
0	none of these look recognizable . no faces look familiar
1	fairly certain. I don't remember any of these facial features.
0	halfway certain. I think remember the awkward head to neck width and the weak jaw.
1	I don't remember seeing any of these faces. . I don't recognize any of these facial features.
0	not very certain. Not sure at all
0	may or may not be certain. Looks familiar, but not sure
0	Not very . None of these guys look familiar
0	May or may not be certain. He looks familiar
0	not that certain. Not really sure, but he looks familiar
0	Not very. I'm not sure it's him
1	Somewhat. Not sure if I saw him
1	I don't remember these. No recollection of any of these faces
1	None were included. None were present in the original set
0	None look familiar. No facial features look familiar
1	I don't recall any of these. None of these looks familiar
0	somewhat. looks similar to a picture
1	I am pretty certain of this choice.. This particular male looks familiar and for some reason his hair reminded me of seeing him before.
1	I am pretty certain of this choice.. This certain male looks more familiar than any of the other males on the lineup.
1	Pretty confident. As soon as the page progressed, his face stood out as familiar.
0	I'm not sure. As I see more faces, I'm having a more difficult time making a choice.
0	not very certain. His face looks somewhat familiar to me.
1	pretty certain. I remember the haircut and thought it was strange looking hair.
1	pretty sure i seen him. looks familiar
1	I am pretty sure this person was in the lineup. His face looks very familiar.
1	I am very certain he was there yesterday. The long hair is very familiar. The look on his face is one I recognize. The beard and facial features are recognizable
0	I am really not sure. The first guy in the first row looks familiar. The expression on his face looks familiar. Not sure.
0	I am half certain that he was there. This person looks slightly familiar. I remember the haircut but I am not sure if he is the guy
0	I am mildly certain.. I do not recognize any of the images.
0	I am not at all certain.. The image looks vaguely familiar.
1	I am fairly confident this is a face I saw yesterday.. I remember seeing him.
1	very certain. I remember this guys chin being narrow like it is and thinking he looked a little smug.
1	very certain. I think I would've remembered any of these guys because they seem individualistic, and since I don't, they must not have been shown.
1	I'm very certain.. I remember this guys smile and the muscular dent between his eye brows.
0	not very certain. I think I remember the sadness this guy seemed to be expressing, plus his skin breaking out a little on his cheek.
0	FAIRLY CERTAIN. i THINK I remember the guy's eye brows curving like that guys in the picture
0	maybe certain. I think I remember this guys pout lips and the gap in his eyebrow. But I am not sure at all.
1	pretty certain. These guys have nothing memorable about them to stand out to me, so I don't think they were shown before.
1	Pretty certain.. I didn't recognize anyone.
1	Slightly. I don't think I recognize anyone.
0	Sort of certain . He reminds me of a guy I went to middle school with, and I remember seeing somebody that looked like him in the study.
1	Fairly certain . I didn't recognize anybody above.
1	Fairly confident. I don't recognize anyone and am fairly confident they weren't in the lineup
0	Uncertain. I don't recognize any of these people; however, I'm not certain they weren't in the lineup
1	a little. i remember him looking like Kenya
0	Not certain. This is harder the more faces I see
0	so very unsure. a couple people look half familiar. no one looks completely familiar. I AM SO BAD AT FACES.
0	i have absolutely no idea. i don't recognize any of the faces but I'm bad at faces
1	Very. No recognition
1	Very. No recollection
0	Somewhat certain. Facial hair style and hair style remind me of an individual I have seen before. However, no other characteristics stand out to me.
0	I am not very certain. I seem to remember an individual with shorter black hair and a light goatee
0	not at all certain. i do not remember any of these faces with certainty
1	Pretty certain. None of these faces look familiar
0	Slightly certain. I feel like I've seen this face before
1	very. recalled rounded face
1	somewhat. similar hairstyle
1	somewhat. facial expression is different
1	I am pretty confident with my choice.. I thought I remembered one of the faces reminding me of Kaye West and my answer choice resembles him. It was a mental note I gave myself to try to remember the faces that I needed to.
1	I'm completely certain.. I don't recognize these faces at all and am certain I haven't seen them previously.
1	I am completely confident.. I made a mental note with a face that I previously seen. The mental note was someone that I was friends with in school and this face looks like that person.
1	I am mostly certain I haven't seen these faces previously.. I made the response because I am pretty sure that I haven't seen the faces that were given to me to choose from.
1	I am not too sure about this response.. I feel like the face looks familiar, but at the same time I'm unsure about it. The face sorta looks like someone I knew from school and I know I made a couple of mental notes on the previous task pertaining to it.
0	not certain at all. nose looks vaguely familiar
0	not very certain. I can't identify any familiar faces or features here
1	not very. he looks familiar
0	not at all. he looks like one of 2 dude bros I saw before
0	I don't recognize any of these people. I don't remember any of them
1	I'm certain that I don't remember seeing any of the men above, from yesterdays lineup.. None of the men above have any really specific facial features that stood out to me that I can remember from yesterday if they were in the lineup, but I really don't think any of them were.
1	I'm certain in my response that the man I chose above was in yesterday's lineup.. His face shape and bone structure are something that stood out to me I think.
0	not certain. unsure
0	not very certain. i feel like vie seen them before but not sure
1	certain. no one looks familiar
1	semi certain. he looks familiar
1	Confidently certain. I'm almost positive I have not seen any of these faces before.
1	Pretty certain. I'm pretty confident I saw this face before. I picked it out right away.
0	Somewhat certain. None of the other faces look familiar, but the one I chose does look familiar. But I really can't be sure I've seen it before.
1	VERY CERTAIN. EYES AND MOUTH
1	Kinda certain. . Again, its really hard with the black men. They all look alike to me but none look like yesterday.
1	I am very certain this is the same man as yesterday.. This man has the same dull, dumb look as the one yesterday.
1	fairly certain. looks like someone i saw before
1	i am fairly certain. he looks like vie seen him before
0	i am not sure . none look familiar
1	pretty sure. I'm sure i haven seen these men
1	pretty sure. i remember his big eyes
0	I think I remember seeing this man yesterday but I'm not sure. I just think I seen him. He looks familiar
1	I am only somewhat certain. He looks familiar from yesterday
1	not positive. I don't think i know any of them but now I keep second guessing myself
1	pretty sure. he stands out to me
1	fairly certain. Doesn't look familiar
1	certain. I remember it
1	fairly postie. Don't remember the face
1	postie. doesn't look familiar
1	halfway certain. i remember the mustache
1	never saw any of these before. no one looks like the people i saw earlier
1	very certain. i remember this guy had his head back in the same way and the features are the same
1	I'm almost certain none of these guys were in the previous lineup. i don't remember any of their faces
1	I'm almost certain that none of these men were in the previous lineup. i don't remember any black males wearing the dark red shirt
1	I'm pretty certain none of these guys were in the previous lineup. i don't remember any of their faces
1	mi fairly certain. i believe i remember him
1	i am positive. i recall this face
1	he looks familiar. i recognize the face
0	maybe. I think I recognize this guy
0	I'm guessing because he seems familiar. his face looks familiar i think
0	I'm unsure. I don't see anyone I recognize
0	I'm not certain at all. Because I Don know for sure
1	I'm super sure. he looks like canning Tatum with a weird nose
0	I'm unsure. I don't really notice anyone
0	i think so. i don't recognize anyone for sure
1	Pretty certain. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Pretty certain. . I think He looks familiar to me.
1	Pretty certain.. I do not remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Certain. I remember seeing his face because I thought he was cute when I saw him the first time.
1	pretty certain. I don't think I remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Pretty certain. I recognize his face
1	100%. He reminded me of Kenya West
1	Pretty confident. Don't remember any of their faces
1	Pretty certain. I remember his eyes
1	Very certain. I remember his face
1	Very. I do not recognize any of them.
1	Very. I don't recognize their faces
1	I think I recognize him, even though his hair seemed lighter in the other photo. He reminded me of a friend, so that's why I think I remember him.
1	Pretty Certain. I recognize the one guy
1	Kind of certain. This guy looks familiar, but mi not positive
1	Very Certain. I know this guy was one of them
1	kind of. hair
0	not very. don't remember any of these people
0	30%. don't remember
1	i am about half sure, though I am leaning towards this being someone in the line up. I remember his eyes, though I think he was clean shaven before.
1	Pretty sure. I don't recognize any features at all.
1	Pretty sure, but not totally sure.. There are familiar features, but not totally sure. Different facial expression?
1	Pretty sure, but hesitant.. Nobody stood out
1	Iffy for sure. He looked the most familiar/
1	Moderately. He looks familiar, but not totally.
1	I am very certain. I don't recognize any of them.
1	I'm 100% certain that this dude was in the prior line-up.. I wrote 100% certain because I remember seeing him and thinking he looked slightly like Kenya in the eyes.
1	I am uncertain completely and utterly.. I found myself moving from one picture to the next looking at specific facial expressions, eyes, facial hair and darkness to lightness but no combination of these made me think this one and not that one. I found myself hiking one looked familiar but then the next seemed the same, and I realized that you could switch out each feature for another and the same would be true.
0	Its like a faint feather of a memory that I recall this guy.. I think he's slightly memorable because of his facial hair, but I could be mixing that up with the guy below him.
0	I'm utterly uncertain, but there's a nagging familiarity.. One of them does kind of look like a family relation a little bit, so I'm uncertain if that's the reason he jumps out at me or what.
1	I'm completely sure of seeing this guy prior to today.. He has a facial expression that really made me remember him as well as his head leaning which makes him stand out.
0	I'm uncertain completely and utterly.. They're like the most bland white dudes I've ever seen and all sort of look like each others cousin so because of this no bells have been ringing in my memory.
1	I am absolutely certain.. I recognize his facial features and hair.
0	Sort of certain?. He looks vaguely familiar.
1	Absolutely certain. Those bangs!
0	not certain. His face may be similar to one i saw
1	fairly. I don't recall any of these faces
1	pretty. i just cant tell so again its the safest bet
1	very. he looks like the exact same guy i thought looked mentally challenged before just with a different head position
1	I am very certain on this line up. Because the neck i specifically remember.
1	Pretty certain. He looked familiar.
1	pretty certain. He looked familiar.
1	very certain. these guys aren't even smiling a little and i font recognize anyone.
1	Certain. I don't recognize any of these faces.
1	certain. the eyebrows and lips are memorable.
0	pretty certain. I don't recognize them.
0	fairly. dint recognize any of them.
1	I am extremely certain I saw this person. I know for a fact I saw this person before.
1	I am certain. none of these men were shown.
1	I am certain that I've seen him. The nose and eye shape are familiar, and the same pose is used.
0	I am somewhat certain that this is the person I saw earlier. He looks somewhat familiar. I remember (or think I do) seeing someone who looked like this and how he looks like my brother's friend.
1	positive. i don't recognize anyone.
1	pretty sure. not positive but i don't recognize anyone.
1	Fairly certain. No faces are familiar to me.
1	Fairly certain. None of the faces in the lineup are familiar to me. They appear similar to some of the faces shown earlier, but not exactly.
0	Not very. I think I remember his nose, but I'm not at all confident.
1	certain. shape of the head, tall, narrow.
1	Fairly certain. I remember a person with similar facial features, jaw line, and haircut.
1	A little certain. I don't remember seeing any of these faces.
1	Fairly certain. I don't remember any of these faces.
1	I am fairly certain. I recognize his hair and his facial features.
1	I am somewhat certain. I recall the shape of his face and eyes.
1	I am fairly certain. None of the faces at all seemed familiar.
1	I am pretty sure I haven't seen these faces. I don't remember any of these characteristics.
0	Not too certain. The face seems familiar but it could honestly go either way.
1	Quite certain. His nose jumped out at me... I seem to recall someone with a similar nose from before.
1	fairly certain. None of the hairstyles seem familiar at all.
0	Not that certain. Looks familiar.
0	Somewhat certain, but not convinced. I remember thinking one of the earlier ones looked like a punk. This guy looks like a punk.
0	fairly certain. just looks familiar.
0	Kind of certain. The hair and face structure seem familiar.
0	Not confident. Haircut.
0	I am not too certain on my selection. This one looks vaguely familiar.
0	Sort of certain. Do not recognize any of the faces.
0	not at all confident. none of the faces stand out.
0	a little certain. looks familiar.
1	kind of certain. somewhat seems familiar.
1	I am slightly certain. His eyes and nose look familiar.
0	not very. I don't recognize them.
1	fairly certain. I don't think I recognize anyone.
1	positive. he has a strange pointed hair cut.
0	not very. font remember seeing that face but cant be sure.
0	not very. he looks slightly familiar.
0	Slightly certain. None of the faces jump out at me as familiar.
1	Pretty certain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	fairly certain. I did not recognize the faces.
1	Certain. Looks very familiar.
0	Mildly certain. Nobody strikes me out as familiar.
1	Somewhat certain. This one has a hairstyle that I noted in the original random lineup.
0	Somewhat certain. The jawline seems familiar but the angle of the face seems different.
1	certain. no ones familiar.
1	very certain. i believe he had a plaid shirt on.
1	certain. not pictured before.
0	His eyes seem familiar to me. The eyes stand out as familiar.
1	pretty sure. I remember his haircut.
1	Certain. He reminded me of Kenya West and I remembered his face.
1	Pretty certain. Small faro, facial hair, and blank expression.
1	Fairly certain. I'm fairly certain I haven't seen these faces.
1	Quite certain. I do not remember seeing any of those faces before.
1	very certain. remember eyebrows.
1	Certain. No one looks familiar.
1	I am quite certain this man was one that i saw. He has a certain type of eyes which are very noticeable, and I recognize the cut of his hair.
1	Pretty. None look familiar.
1	Pretty certain. I don't remember any of them.
0	not very certain. seems vaguely familiar.
1	I am fairly certain I do not recognize any of these faces. None of the faces look familiar.
1	I feel fairly confident. None of these faces look familiar.
1	pretty certain. font recognize anyone.
1	I'm quite certain I didn't see any of them. I font think I saw any of them.
1	pretty certain. his hair.
0	Not Certain. I don't recognize any of the faces.
1	very sure. I remember someone with that hair and eye color.
1	very. no recognition.
1	Very certain!. He looks pretty familiar.
0	kind of certain. head shape.
1	Very certain. I don't recall any of these faces.
1	pretty positive I haven't seen any of these people. almost 100% positive.
1	Entirely certain. He has very unique eyes.
0	Not very. He looks a bit familiar.
0	certain. do not recognize any.
0	only a little certain. None of them look familiar or stand out.
1	Entirely certain. I don't recognize anything about any of the men.
0	somewhat. none look familiar.
1	very. saw him before.
1	Rather Certain. The eyes and the hair are the same. The eyes especially, one being higher than the other.
1	Quite. No faces look familiar.
1	Not too certain. Don't think I recognize anyone.
0	I am kind of certain. His expression looks familiar but I'm not super sure.
1	I'm certain this is the man. I remember his hair and facial hair. His eyes,Facial hair, and hair.
0	not sure. none really look familiar.
1	pretty sure. the blue eyes.
0	fairly certain. I do not recognize any of these people.
0	almost certain. I can't remember these faces.
