1	I expected so much more from helo this movie, I guess since the cast included two of my favorite actors (Jolie & Washington) and also had the always on point Queen Latifah as well.  I watched with full expectation to absolutely love this movie, but I walked away bitter with shattered expectations.  First off I will say that Latifah was wonderful here and she proved as the only reason I smiled on occasion during this movie experience.  Washington and Jolie on the other hand were so unbelievable (especially Washington who really strained in this role) that I was constantly asking myself "do I really like these two?" and I had to remind myself of movies like 'Gia' and 'Training Day' to answer with a resounding "YES!"The film follows a rookie cop (Jolie) as she helps a quadriplegic ex-cop Lincoln (Washington) track down a serial killer mimicking the killings detailed in a book called 'The Bone Collector'.  The ending is really annoying since the revelation of the killer, while not who you'd pinpoint, is not of any significance and so it manages to stir up absolutely no emotion whatsoever.  It's like "oh so he/she did it...interesting"...and I'm bored.  I'd skip this one for it becomes generic within the first five minutes and stays that way until the credits finish rolling
1	I am amazed and mystified that most of the reviewers herein found the movie to be excellent!! As for me, I made it about thirty minutes into the film before turning it off in dismay. The fault in order of importance: poor screenplay, poor cinematography and poor performance by Pacino, who seems to be vying for the most over-the-top performance. The film was absurd in many ways from the outset: the pans from star to star lasting just short of giving the viewer any purpose for any of the fast camera pans. Close-up after close-up conveying no meaning, Pacino overacting like Jack Palance in one of his not-so-famous European pieces of tripe from the sixties and seventies, an utterly dumb plot with Pacino and company proving at the beginning that they are bumbling cops. First example, they chase the bad guy to a cabin which is on stilts or something like that; then, instead of staying on the ground below and smoking the bad guy out or something at least tactically sound, they storm the stairs and Pacino stands right in front of the door yelling "Police, you're under arrest."They kick in the front door and find that the culprit has escaped through an underground water source. Of course, Pacino follows and dives right into the underwater stream, having absolutely no idea where the guy is or if there are boobytraps of some sort. Cut to Pacino running around in nearly zero visibility fog, glimpsing the guy for a second or two before losing him in the fog. ||| Stumbling around further, Pacino is obviously disoriented until a shot is fired at him from, we must assume, his quarry. Did the screen writer forget that Pacino's colleagues are also supposedly chasing the culprit, too? Inevitably and apparently not, because Pacino spots a figure in the fog and plugs him. As I watched this scene unfold, I became thoroughly disheartened when it becomes clear what I knew already, that Pacino has fired on and killed his partner. It was then that I decided that I had had enough. By the way, the European version, with Stellan Skarsgaard is infinitely superior. Don't waste your money or on-line rental queue on this Hollywood drivel. Ditto for the other Pacino junk I rented at the same time, The Recruit, which I could only stand for about a half hour too
A	I suppose it's alright if you like overlong musicals focusing on maniacal, manipulative mothers
1	The movie is a about a guy, who does a lot of work and no fun and then feels sorry about that. That's pretty much the whole story. Well, the idea is quite powerful but not new, the characters are done in the "comics" style and very primitive, the jokes are quite boring. Actually what is really amazing, that it could've been ok to watch as a family movie, but a few really tasteless jokes made it PG13 rated without adding any fun, so the movie about family values is not appropriate for kids.Too boring for adults, not appropriate for kids, too much moral for young crowd - I can't really think who might like it
1	Maybe it's because I had never read the book and never heard of Hunter S. Thompson before this movie, but I found this movie to be unbearably boring and so utterly pointless!At what point in the movie-making process while reading the script aloud, did they realize that this isn't a movie?  Or maybe that the book couldn't be made into a commercial movie?The "story" if it can be called such, is apparently about a journalist and his fat hispanic friend (called his lawyer) who go to Las Vegas to write an article on some motorcycle race of some sort or something.  That's completely irrelevant, because probably 5-10 minutes is actually spent on that subject, with an additional 20 minutes at most devoted to the guy actually trying to accomplish the task.The rest is just Johnny Depp as the main character rambling mindlessly about a variety of subjects, most of which deal with drugs, or drug-related things.  Others having nothing at all to do with anything.  They are quite literally taking every drug known to mankind, and the movie chronicles them taking drugs.There are some scenes in which the duo are in their hotel room, where the "lawyer" freaks out in a bathtub and threatens to kill himself.  In other scenes, they are in the hotel club, or at a restaurant.  No matter where they are, they are always high on some drug, and Johnny Depp's character (Thompson himself based on his experience, under a fake name) is rambling or talking very very quickly and nonsensically.There are cameos by minor celebrities, some of which are world famous today.  Gary Busey is on screen for all of three or four minutes as a highway sheriff who sexually harrasses JD's character.  Tobey Maguire is on even less as a hitchhiker who bails out of the car when he realizes the duo are stoned out of their mind and crazy.The only moment in which I had a great laugh was in the beginning, where they are hallucinating that they are being attacked by bats as they drive down a desert highway.  When the "lawyer" stops to pick up the hitchhiker, JD's char says "We can't stop here!  This is bat country!".  That line and its delivery alone deserve the movie its one miserable star.  I expected better from Terry Gilliam.If this movie was attempting to be shocking or pro- or anti-drug or stylish or artistic in some way, it is obviously only a most acquired taste, like a group of people who think consuming waste is an acquired taste.  There is no moral message here, nothing pro- or anti-drug, nothing shocking save that these two aren't dead by the third day from taking so many drugs, or stylish or artistic.Not the worst movie ever, but definitely one of them.  I don't know what orifice people pull this "great movie" idea out of, but I'd like to examine that, and find out why
1	     This movie was so horrible I don't know where to start.Maybe I could start with the fact the actors were so horrible it was as if the director picked them randomly off the street. Or maybe he just casted his own family...at any rate they were untrained and stale. Secondly, I had a serious issue with this movie not following basic christian principles. If Tyler Perry manages to tone down the swearing in his semi-christian plays, why wouldn't this movie director have enough sense to follow suit...If you're trying to actually sale to a christian audience. Furthermore, I thought the bible said a little something against divorce; like it wasn't permitted unless your spouse commits adultery/fornication. This movie seems to say it's okay to go against the word of God if you're in love. In fact, christianity was more of a theory in this movie than it was a practice....by even the protagonist! I laugh as I think of the scene where Ce-Ce Peniston's character says seductively, "I'm looking for a man with his mind on Jesus" Yet she's dressed like a hooker. Speaking of clothing, why did Ce-Ce seem to change outfits even in the middle of scene. They go on a date and she's dressed one way, by the time they come home she has on something different; with no logical explanation. And please explain why they had someone's grandfather playing the role of Rico Suave. Maybe the movie would have actually been worth while had he looked more like the man of any woman's dream. I felt more like telling him about AARP than I did falling in love with him. In addition, the soundtrack, IT-WAS-JUST-ANNOYING. At some parts it was even hard to hear what the characters were saying because of the music. I just wanted the maddness to stop! Lastly, It seems as if the director tried to portray single church women as being overwhelmingly desperate (although some are) However, having pamela fall so quickly for bryant was just, well, almost juvenile...perhaps even a disrespect to women at large. Overall, this movie made me want to puke. PASTOR Larry "Flash" Jenkins really needs to get some true insight on the conditions of the church and maybe even go back and read the bible for himself for clarity
1	Horror movies are a dime a dozen now, and nothing really speical about them anymore. Sad to say, considering its probably my faviorte genere. This movie was a disappointment from the start. Whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired. I mean they are standing there talking, and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen. I didnt watch the whole movie, it sucked that bad. I bought this movie used, and I'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge.
